Received: from mail.christianity.com (mail.christianity.com [206.112.84.233])
	by XXXXXXXX.XXXXXXX.XXX (8.13.3/8.13.3) with ESMTP id j1D67IfF014007
	for <XXX@XXXXXXXX.XXXXXXX.XXX>; Sat, 12 Feb 2005 22:07:18 -0800 (PST)
Received: from localhost (localhost.christianity.com [127.0.0.1])
	by mail.christianity.com (Postfix) with ESMTP
	id 8045AEAA4F; Sun, 13 Feb 2005 01:02:26 -0500 (EST)
Received: from mail.christianity.com ([127.0.0.1])
 by localhost (mail.christianity.com [127.0.0.1]) (amavisd-new, port 10024)
 with ESMTP id 65010-05; Sun, 13 Feb 2005 01:02:24 -0500 (EST)
Received: from popmail.cnoc.com (gfriday.prod.christianity.com [192.168.3.227])
	by mail.christianity.com (Postfix) with ESMTP
	id 2AF46EAA4A; Sun, 13 Feb 2005 01:02:24 -0500 (EST)
Received: from [192.116.66.11] (account <stephen_smith01@footprintradio.org>)
  by popmail.cnoc.com (CommuniGate Pro WebUser 3.5)
  with HTTP id 25993927; Sun, 13 Feb 2005 01:07:09 -0500
From: "Stephen Smith" <stephen_smith01@footprintradio.org>
Subject: Capital Management.
X-Mailer: CommuniGate Pro Web Mailer v.3.5
Date: Sun, 13 Feb 2005 01:07:09 -0500
Message-ID: <web-25993927@popmail.cnoc.com>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="ISO-8859-1"; format="flowed"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
To: undisclosed-recipients: ;
X-Virus-Scanned: by amavisd-new at christianity.com
Status: RO


Hello,

My name is Stephen Smith, I am the operational manager in 
account management section in charge of credit and foreign 
bills of one of the prime banks here in South Africa. I am 
writing in respect of a foreign customer of my bank who 
perished with his whole families on 18TH JULY 2003 in 
KENYAN PLANE CRASH with the whole passengers aboard.

There is an account opened in this bank in 2000 by this 
great late INDUSTRIALIST who died without a written or 
oral 'WILL' attached to the account. Since his death, I 
personally has watched with keen interest to see the next 
of kin but all has proved abortive as no one has come to 
claim his funds and no other person knows about this 
account or anything concerning it, the account has no 
other beneficiary and until his death he was the manager 
of his company.

The total amount involved is 116,000,000.00 USD.[One 
Hundred and Sixteen Million United States Dollar]. We wish 
to start the first transfer with $16,000,000.00 [Sixteen 
Million] and upon successful transaction without any 
disappointment from your side, we shall re-apply for the 
transfer of the remaining balance to your account.

I have secretly discussed this matter with the general 
manager of the bank who I must involve in order to have a 
smooth and a successful transfer of the fund to any 
foreign bank account, which you are going to nominate. On 
this note, I decided to seek for a reliable foreigner who 
will act as the foreign beneficiary of the fund from the 
deceased by providing his/her bank account where the fund 
will be transferred for immediate investment on any viable 
project as no one has come up to be the next of kin.

The banking ethics here does not allow such money to stay 
more than three years without claim hence the money will 
be recalled to the government treasury as unclaimed after 
this long period of dormancy. 

In view of this I got your contact through my personal 
search to see if you can assist by providing your safe 
bank account for the transfer or find a reliable person 
who will be capable of receiving such amount in his or her 
personal account. At the conclussion of the transfer 60% 
of the fund will be for me, I will give you 25% of the 
total transfer sum, 10% for charity both in Africa and in 
your country while the remaining 5% will be set aside to 
settle expenses both parties might incur during the 
transfer process.

Upon the receipt of your reply, I will send to you 
detailed information about the transaction. I will not 
fail to bring to your notice that this business is 100% 
risk and trouble free and that you should not entertain 
any fear as all modalities for fund transfer can be 
finalized within 7 to 9 banking days, after you apply to 
the bank as the beneficiary of the fund from the deceased.

When you receive this letter. Kindly send me e-mail or you 
can call me or fax me. You should also include your 
private fax and phone numbers for easy and safe 
communication.

Tel: 874-762864166
    : 874-762864167
Fax: 874-762864168

Respectfully yours,
Stephen Smith

