Received: from gso.bu.edu (GSO.BU.EDU [128.197.60.71])
	by cs.bu.edu ((8.8.8.buoit.b4)/8.8.8/(BU-S-06/23/98-b7)) with ESMTP id SAA22629;
	Fri, 9 Oct 1998 18:37:03 -0400 (EDT)
Received: (from majordom@localhost)
	by gso.bu.edu (8.8.5/8.8.5/(BU-S-02/10/97-v1.0)) id SAA07688
	for info-list; Fri, 9 Oct 1998 18:36:56 -0400 (EDT)
Received: from cs.bu.edu (CS.BU.EDU [128.197.10.2])
	by gso.bu.edu (8.8.5/8.8.5/(BU-S-02/10/97-v1.0)) with ESMTP id SAA07684
	for <info@gso.bu.edu>; Fri, 9 Oct 1998 18:36:52 -0400 (EDT)
Received: from cs16.bu.edu (rip@cs16 [128.197.10.115])
	by cs.bu.edu ((8.8.8.buoit.b4)/8.8.8/(BU-S-06/23/98-b7)) with ESMTP id SAA22575
	for <info@gso>; Fri, 9 Oct 1998 18:36:51 -0400 (EDT)
From: Robert Pitts <rip@cs.bu.edu>
Received: by cs16.bu.edu (8.8.5/Spike-2.1)
	id SAA02949; Fri, 9 Oct 1998 18:36:46 -0400 (EDT)
Date: Fri, 9 Oct 1998 18:36:46 -0400 (EDT)
Message-Id: <199810092236.SAA02949@cs16.bu.edu>
To: info@gso.bu.edu
Subject: GSO - summary of Thu, Oct 8, 98 meeting
Sender: owner-info@gso.bu.edu
Precedence: bulk
Content-Type: text
Content-Length: 8124
Status: RO

Here is a summary of what we did at yesterday's Graduate Student
Organization meeting.  Our next meeting will be on Thursday,
October 22nd, 5-6:15pm.

--Rob

Summary
=======

1. Committee Reports

   Each committee reported on their activities.

   Funding Committee
   =================

   Byron Shock <bshock@bu.edu> reported for this committee on their
   goals and projects:

   1a) Researching pay rates at local schools.

   1b) Determining cost of living formula for Boston area.

   1c) Compiling and informing people of funding opportunities for grad
       students.

   2) "Dealing" with the administration to improve the funding
      situation at BU.

   Each member has chosen a local university at which to start
   researching the funding situation.

   Healthcare Committee
   ====================

   Rob Pitts <rip@cs.bu.edu> reported for this committee on their
   goals and projects:

   1) Inform grads about healthcare choices.

   2) Research ways to improve grad healthcare.

   3) Maintain a reasonable presence at healthcare forums.

   The primary activity of the committee (goal #1) is to add to our
   web repository more information about healthcare plans available to
   grads.  The committee also wants to augment the repository with
   information about insurance terminology ("a glossary"), laws/legislation
   affecting healthcare, and services like counseling, vaccinations, etc.

   Secondarily, the group will discuss improving healthcare plans
   with other grad orgs who have succeeded in this area (goal #2).
   In addition, they'd like to represent students' interests at
   things like "a Chickering talk" (goal #3).

   ----

   Currently, 3 members are working on health plan writeups (2 are
   alternative healthcare plans, the other is the student plan
   at a local university, for comparison purposes).  The 4th member
   is gathering a list of "insurance plans" that are available to
   students.

   ----

   One meeting participant suggested looking into whether Chickering
   offers "million-dollar" extended insurance.

   Housing Committee
   =================

   Catherine Cappuzzi <ccapuzzi@math.bu.edu> reported for this
   committee, which now has 2 members.  Their projects will be:

   - Asking if the Office of Off-campus Housing can provide some way
     for new students to access the BU apartment listings.

   - Asking BU if they can also offer the Oct-Jan T semester pass deal
     while still keeping the Sep-Dec pass deal.

   - Information about "grad" housing on campus.

   - Expand on areas already on the GSO's housing pages.

   - Lists of realtors with either discounts to BU affiliates or with
     low or no fees.

   They are focusing on improving housing information for new students
   and are very interested in making the housing pages more visible.

   ----

   A meeting attendee suggested getting each department to link to the
   GSO page.  This is something the group has asked students to try to
   do in the past, but we are not sure how many depts. now have links
   to the GSO pages.

   Liaison Committee
   =================

   Gary Garber <ggarber@buphy.bu.edu> reported on this committee's
   activities.  They believe they need one additional member.

   The only word they've heard on the grad student lounge is that
   the proposed lounge now has a ID-card reader.

   No word on improving library privileges for grad students.

   ----

   They have learned that Engineering's grad group gets some funding
   from a student fee, thus giving us a precedent at BU for possibly
   doing something similar.

   ----

   They said they'd like to know what other questions students have for
   the administration.  They feel that if they have more to talk to our
   contact about, they could perhaps establish regularly-scheduled
   meetings with them.


   Social Committee
   ================

   Jen Wenner <wenner@bu.edu> reported for this committee.  Currently,
   they are understaffed with only 2 members, and thus, are concentrating
   on pub and movie nights.  If they get more members, they can start
   to organize talks and other activities.

   For future Pub Nights, they believe they will have "Pub Night" cards
   on tables plus optional nametags, both in order to make the area of
   the pub where Pub Night takes place more visible (as suggested at
   the last meeting).

   For Movie Nights, they are considering the last Wednesday of each
   month as its schedule.

   Steering Committee
   ==================

   Dave Morgan <dmorgan@math.bu.edu> reported on the goals of this
   committee.

   A primary issue is what kind of organization the GSO will be and how
   it will relate to the BU administration.

   In addition, they will be working on a constitution, including the
   details of officers, elections, etc., and reviewing the pros/cons of
   registering the GSO with the university (as an official group).

   ======

   A meeting attendee suggested that we should try to meet with the
   Board of Trustees.  According to the "Daily Free Press" (Oct. 6,
   Page 1), the Trustees have sought to meet with the Undergraduate
   Student Union--one issue being how to increase funding for student
   groups.  The paper suggests that Oct. 17th might be when that
   meeting would happen.

2. NAGPS Conference

   Rob Pitts <rip@cs.bu.edu> gave us more details about the National
   Conference of the National Assoc. of Graduate-Professional Students
   (NAGPS) and how we can participate.  The conference will be held at
   the Braintree Sheraton Tara Hotel, Nov. 18-22.

   The information below is based on his meeting with NAGPS Secretary,
   Tony Rosati (reported about at this meeting) and includes "updated"
   information from a meeting (Oct. 9) with NAGPS Exec. Dir. Kevin Boyer.

   Kevin expects about 60-65 schools to attend this conference with
   perhaps 25 local students and about 130+ out-of-town students.
 
   The conference will have 6 different session "tracks" on:

   - Developing grad student groups.
   - Good grad group "programs".
   - Post-grad employment.
   - Diversity.
   - Legislation.
   - TAs/student employees/unions.

   Most of the information sessions are on Thursday and Friday.

   Volunteering
   ------------

   The NAGPS mainly needs volunteers for Wed/Thu (stuffing tote bags,
   preregistration, and registration).  Volunteering would be for about
   2 hours per person.  Those that volunteer on those days would be
   able to attend Thursday's non-meal activities free, and possibly the
   reception.

   They also need volunteers to take people in groups of 15 or less out
   on the town (various activities).  We may be able to attend other
   conference functions if we volunteer for this.

   Day Rates
   ---------

   We can attend both Thursday AND Friday (including meals, except the
   Awards Dinner) for $75/person.

   Otherwise, day rates are $30-$50 per day per person.

   ----

   For more information on the conference schedule, go to the NAGPS
   site (http://www.nagps.org/NAGPS), choose "Conferences", then "13th
   National Conference", then "Event Schedule".

3. Funding Security/Job Placement

   An instructor from English brought up the issue of job security
   (because of this we deferred the topic of "Departmental Participation
   in the GSO" until another time).

   The following issues were brought up:

   - There are not always guarantees of funding.  I.e., sometimes
     students do not get funding that advisors told them they could
     expect.  Plus, there are not always a lot of funding opportunities
     in certain departments.

   - Departments need to do a better job of preparing students for the
     work force.

   Meeting attendees agreed that the first was an issue relevant to the
   Funding Committee, but were not sure how to address the second issue.

   The instructor felt that some issues concerning "funding students" or
   soon-to-graduate students are also relevant to part-time instructors
   (e.g., grad students sometimes end up being part-time instructors
   before or after graduation).

