Received: from gso.bu.edu (GSO.BU.EDU [128.197.60.71])
	by cs.bu.edu ((8.8.8.buoit.v1.0)/8.8.8/(BU-S-10/16/98-v1.0a)) with ESMTP id SAA14508;
	Fri, 2 Apr 1999 18:27:07 -0500 (EST)
Received: (from majordom@localhost)
	by gso.bu.edu (8.8.5/8.8.5/(BU-S-02/10/97-v1.0)) id SAA16865
	for info-list; Fri, 2 Apr 1999 18:27:00 -0500 (EST)
Received: from cs.bu.edu (root@CS.BU.EDU [128.197.10.2])
	by gso.bu.edu (8.8.5/8.8.5/(BU-S-02/10/97-v1.0)) with ESMTP id SAA16861
	for <info@gso.bu.edu>; Fri, 2 Apr 1999 18:26:57 -0500 (EST)
Received: from cs16.bu.edu (rip@cs16 [128.197.10.115])
	by cs.bu.edu ((8.8.8.buoit.v1.0)/8.8.8/(BU-S-10/16/98-v1.0a)) with ESMTP id SAA14482
	for <info@gso>; Fri, 2 Apr 1999 18:26:56 -0500 (EST)
From: Robert Pitts <rip@cs.bu.edu>
Received: by cs16.bu.edu (8.8.5/Spike-2.1)
	id SAA24256; Fri, 2 Apr 1999 18:26:52 -0500 (EST)
Date: Fri, 2 Apr 1999 18:26:52 -0500 (EST)
Message-Id: <199904022326.SAA24256@cs16.bu.edu>
To: info@gso.bu.edu
Subject: GSO - summary of Thu, Apr 1, 99 meeting
Sender: owner-info@gso.bu.edu
Precedence: bulk
Content-Type: text
Content-Length: 5465
Status: O

Here is a summary of what we did at yesterday's Graduate Student
Organization meeting.  Our next general meeting will be on Thursday,
April 15th, 5:30-6:45pm.

--Rob

Summary
=======

1. Committee Reports

   Financial, Academic and Research Committee
   ==========================================

   (Formerly the "Funding Committee".  Their new e-mail is far@gso.bu.edu.)

   Ann Walker <annw@bu.edu> reported for this committee.

   - They are working on a set of guidelines for advising at BU.

   - They do not yet know whether a talk on "Intellectual Property"
     will be possible this semester, but are still pursuing such a
     talk with a potential speaker.

   Healthcare Committee
   ====================

   Rob Pitts <rip@cs.bu.edu> reported for this committee.

   - The committee's talk on "Student Healthcare" is on schedule.
     Issues are:

     - It will be Tuesday, April 6th, 12:30-1:30pm in MCS 135 (at 111
       Cummington St.)

     - This talk will have a Question & Answer format, moderated by the
       Healthcare Committee.  Again, speakers will be one representative
       from Chickering and one from BU's Student Health Services.

     - They've sent some initial questions to the 2 speakers for them to
       look over.

     - The Student Union (the undergraduate student gov't) is
       co-sponsoring the talk.  The Union is helping with advertising
       (they have a newsletter and areas where they post notices for
       undergrads).  They are also giving us $50 to buy snacks.  The
       Union wasn't able to provide someone to attend the talk (to make
       sure undergraduate issues are addressed).

     - The committee sent ads for the talk to the BU newspapers (the
       Daily Free Press and Bridge) as soon as they had confirmation from
       the speakers.  They don't yet know whether these ads will appear
       in the respective calendars.  Additional advertising is being done
       via the usual flyer, mailing list and web page methods.

   - The NAGPS's Healthcare Committee is trying to finalize revisions
     of their national grad student health coverage survey.  They plan
     to have NAGPS Board Members fill out the survey (for their schools)
     as a test run.  After that, they'll ask grad orgs at various schools
     to fill out the survey via the web or e-mail.  They will cover those
     that do not respond with paper surveys.

   Housing Committee
   =================

   Catherine Capuzzi <ccapuzzi@math.bu.edu> reported for this committee
   by e-mail.  They have no new issues to discuss.

   ----

   Our liaison is still researching whether the accounts GRS wants to
   set up for new students over the summer will give those students
   access to Off-Campus Housing's listings.  Thus, the Housing Committee
   will defer pursuing the "access for new students" issue until an
   answer is obtained.

   Liaison Committee
   =================

   Gary Garber <ggarber@buphy.bu.edu> reported for this committee by e-mail.

   - The Fall Reception that GRS is planning will just be for new
     students.  Apparently, the larger event that GRS had hoped to have
     (with everyone in GRS invited) was not doable for this year.  GRS
     still hopes that the GSO will be well-represented at the event.

   - GRS likes the idea of a BBQ, but thinks it poses too many weather-
     related issues.

   - Our contact in GRS is not yet sure if the e-mail addresses to be
     established for new students over the summer will be temporary or
     permanent and whether they will provide access to BU's housing
     listings.

   - GRS is willing to include a flyer about the GSO (that we provide)
     in summer mailings to new students.  We should plan for the mailings
     to be done (approximately) at the end of May.

   - We may be able to have a flyer on the NAGPS Insurance Plan
     available to grad--final word on that is still pending.

   Social Committee
   ================

   Cassandra Celatka <celatka@chem.bu.edu> submitted a written report
   for this committee.

   - March's Bowling event had approx. 25-30 people.

   - For April's event, they are currently planning on billiards at
     Boston Billiards.  No specific day and time has been chosen yet.
     They are looking into whether Wednesday's are "Ladies Nights",
     which would make it cheaper for some participants.

   ----

   They also mentioned that the Daily Free Press (DFP) event calendar
   is printed on Monday (rather than Thursday as they had originally
   thought).  There seems to be a different calendar that is published
   in the DFP on Thursdays.

   Steering Committee
   ==================

   Dave Morgan <dmorgan@math.bu.edu> and Jen Wenner <wenner@bu.edu>
   were present from this committee.  Their report consisted of a
   presentation/discussion of the articles in the "Constitution,
   Bylaws, etc." section below.

2. Constitution, Bylaws, etc.

   We finished most of the "Committees of the GSO" article, adding some
   language about "what committees are" exactly, and revising the
   description of how their members are chosen and what duties
   committees have to the group as a whole.

   We made only minor changes to the "Officers of the GSO" article,
   describing in more detail why the 2 main officers "stay in touch
   with committees."

   Remember to send your comments on articles (that have already been
   sent out by e-mail) to steering@gso.bu.edu.

