Received: from web41707.mail.yahoo.com (web41707.mail.yahoo.com [66.218.93.124])
	by XXXXXXXX.XXXXXXX.XXX (8.12.9/8.12.9) with SMTP id h3AGa3gc010147
	for <XXX@XXXXXXXX.XXXXXXX.XXX>; Thu, 10 Apr 2003 09:36:03 -0700 (PDT)
Message-ID: <20030410163556.59091.qmail@web41707.mail.yahoo.com>
Received: from [216.147.153.54] by web41707.mail.yahoo.com via HTTP; Thu, 10 Apr 2003 17:35:56 BST
Date: Thu, 10 Apr 2003 17:35:56 +0100 (BST)
From: =?iso-8859-1?q?andrew=20azu?= <andrewazu4@yahoo.com>
Subject: URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL
To: XXX@XXXXXXXX.XXXXXXX.XXX
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
Status: R

FROM:Mr,Andrew Azu,

PHONE:(874)-762864167, 

FAX  :(874)-762864168

         (URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL)

RE:  TRANSFER OF ($26,000.000.00 USD}
        TWENTY SIX MILLION DOLLARS
Dear Sir,
We want to transfer to overseas account             
($26,000.000.00 USD) Twenty six million United States
Dollars) from a Prime Bank here in South Africa, I
want to ask you, If you are not capable to quietly
look for a reliable and honest person who will be
capable and fit to provide either an existing bank
account or to set up a new Bank a/c immediately to
receive this money, even an empty a/c can serve to
receive this money, as long as you will remain honest
to me till the end for this important business
trusting in you and believing in God that you will
never let me down either now or in future.

I am the Auditor General of one of the prime banks
here in South Africa, during the course of our
auditing,I discovered a floating fund in an account
opened in the bank in 1996 and since 1998 nobody has
operated on this account again,after going through
some old files in the records I discovered that the
owner of the account died without a [Heir/WILL] hence
the money is floating and if I do not remit this money
out urgently it will be forfeited for nothing. The
owner of this account is PEDRO F. HASLER a foreigner,
a great industrialist and he died since 1998.No other
person knows about this account or any thing
concerning it, the account has no other beneficiary
and my investigation proved to me as well that until
his death he was the manager GOLD ARK [pty]. SA.

We will start the first transfer with Six million
[$6,000.000] upon successful transaction without any
disappoint from your side, we shall re-apply for the
payment of the remaining rest amount to your account.

The total amount involve is Twenty six million United
States Dollars only [$26,000.000.00]. I want to first
transfer $6,000.000.00 [Six million United States
Dollar] from this money into a safe foreigners account
abroad before the rest. But I don't know any
foreigner, I am only contacting you as a foreigner
because this money can not be approved to a local
person here, without valid international foreign
passport, but can only be approved to any foreigner
with valid international passport or drivers
license and foreign a/c  because the money is in US
dollars and the former owner of the a/c is a
foreigner too, and the money can only be approved into
a foreign a/c.

However, we will sign a binding agreement, to bind us
together when we meet face to face after the first
transfer of $6 Million before transferring the second
part of $20 Million. I am revealing this to you with
believe in God that you will never let me down in this
business, you are the first and the only person that I
am contacting for this business, so please reply
urgently so that I will inform you the next step to
take urgently. Send also your private telephone and
fax number including the full details of the account
to be used for the deposit.

I want us to meet face to face to build confidence and
to sign a binding agreement that will bind us together
immediately after the first transfer before we fly to
your country for withdrawal, sharing and investments.

I need your full co-operation to make this work fine
because the management is ready to approve this
payment to any foreigner who has correct information
of this account, which I will give to you upon your
positive response and once I am convinced that you are
capable and will meet up with instruction of  a key
bank official who is deeply involved with me in this
business. I need your strong assurance that you will
never, never let me down.

With my influence and my position in the bank the bank
official can transfer this money to any foreigner's
reliable account that you can provide with assurance
that this money will be intact pending our physical
arrival in your country for sharing. The bank official
Will destroy all documents of transaction immediately
we receive this money leaving no trace to any place
and to build confidence you can call me for heart to
heart discussion through my private satellite phone
which I secured for the security and safety of this
business as you know that this business is
confidential.I will use my position and influence to
obtain all legal approvals for onward transfer of this
money to your account with appropriate clearance from
the relevant ministries and foreign exchange
departments.

At the conclusion of this business, you will be given
35% of the total amount, 60% will be for me, while 5%
will be for expenses both parties might have incurred
during the process of transferring.

I look forward to your earliest reply through my email
address.

Yours truly

Mr,Andrew Azu.












__________________________________________________
Yahoo! Plus
For a better Internet experience
http://www.yahoo.co.uk/btoffer

