Received: from gso.bu.edu (GSO.BU.EDU [128.197.60.71])
	by cs.bu.edu ((8.8.8.buoit.v1.0)/8.8.8/(BU-S-10/16/98-v1.0a)) with ESMTP id SAA22515;
	Fri, 6 Nov 1998 18:03:27 -0500 (EST)
Received: (from majordom@localhost)
	by gso.bu.edu (8.8.5/8.8.5/(BU-S-02/10/97-v1.0)) id SAA24328
	for info-list; Fri, 6 Nov 1998 18:03:21 -0500 (EST)
Received: from cs.bu.edu (CS.BU.EDU [128.197.10.2])
	by gso.bu.edu (8.8.5/8.8.5/(BU-S-02/10/97-v1.0)) with ESMTP id SAA24324
	for <info@gso.bu.edu>; Fri, 6 Nov 1998 18:03:17 -0500 (EST)
Received: from cs16.bu.edu (rip@cs16 [128.197.10.115])
	by cs.bu.edu ((8.8.8.buoit.v1.0)/8.8.8/(BU-S-10/16/98-v1.0a)) with ESMTP id SAA22500
	for <info@gso>; Fri, 6 Nov 1998 18:03:17 -0500 (EST)
From: Robert Pitts <rip@cs.bu.edu>
Received: by cs16.bu.edu (8.8.5/Spike-2.1)
	id SAA19216; Fri, 6 Nov 1998 18:03:13 -0500 (EST)
Date: Fri, 6 Nov 1998 18:03:13 -0500 (EST)
Message-Id: <199811062303.SAA19216@cs16.bu.edu>
To: info@gso.bu.edu
Subject: GSO - summary of Thu, Nov 5, 98 meeting
Sender: owner-info@gso.bu.edu
Precedence: bulk
Content-Type: text
Content-Length: 12268
Status: RO

Here is a summary of what we did at yesterday's Graduate Student
Organization meeting.  Our next meeting will be on Thursday, November
19th, 5-6:15pm.  Since I will be at the NAGPS Conference during that
meeting, it will be run by Ann Walker <annw@bu.edu> with an e-mail
summary provided by Fran Altvater <altvater@bu.edu>.

--Rob

Summary
=======

1. Committee Reports

   Funding Committee
   =================

   Gareth Roberts <garethr@math.bu.edu> reported for this committee.

   They've had difficulty getting people at other schools to give
   information about salaries, etc.  They've asked grad groups at other
   schools to help them, but have not heard from them yet.

   ----

   Meeting attendees suggested that it may be easier to learn about
   salaries by talking to students at the NAGPS Conference (the Funding
   Committee will have a rep at that conference).  Or, that there may
   be a comprehensive reference listing salaries (of students) at
   different universities.

   Healthcare Committee
   ====================

   Jill Orofino <jillo@bu.edu> reported for this committee.

   The healthcare plan writeups that they mentioned would be available
   soon (at last meeting) are on the web.  The writeups that were added
   so far this semester are: "Tufts University Student Health Plan,"
   "Brigham and Women's Hospital" and "Beth Israel Deaconess Hospital."

   Currently:

   - They are researching the BU health plan.  This is expected to take
     longer than most writeups since they want to do a thorough job of
     describing BU's plan (especially so that new students can review
     it before they come to BU).  A few interesting facts from their
     research so far:

     - The ceiling on certain medical services Chickering will cover is
       comparatively low, e.g., $5,000 per surgery (per policy period).

     - BU's student insurance does cover some tooth extraction services.

     - BU's Student Health Services:

       + Has no specialists.

       + Only treats short-term conditions (long-term conditions are
         referred out).

       + Can do only basic lab tests (no x-rays, etc).

       + In general, provides fewer services than student health
         services at the other schools they've compared so far.

     Notably, the student health plan at Tufts University (completed
     earlier in the semester) is also under Chickering.  They pay
     $745/year.  (Note: Tufts grads also pay a mandatory $431/year fee
     for their Student Health Services--12/4/98).  The Healthcare
     Committee will be able to better describe the differences between
     BU's and Tuft's Chickering plan when they have completed
     researching the BU plan.

   - They are looking into dental plans, including services at local
     university's dental schools.  Some schools claim to offer services
     for low-income patient.  They've also come across a Mass. Dental
     Society program called "Dental for All" that is supposed to cover
     low-income individuals who are not eligible for Medicaid.  This is
     apparently a program you must apply for and that covers basic
     services when you qualify.  They are awaiting more information on
     these programs.  A meeting attendee suggested the "Forsythe (?)
     Dental School."

   - They have added more definitions of medical terms to the "Terminology"
     section of the GSO healthcare web pages.

   Future plans (besides those above) include deciding what kinds of
   information the committee's rep will ask of other school reps at the
   NAGPS Conference.

   The guidelines for some of the plans they wrote up before the
   fall semester changed on October 1st.  Since these state-run plans
   normally have to be updated after April (when income qualification
   guidelines change each year), they will update them at that time.

   Housing Committee
   =================

   This committee did not report.

   Liaison Committee
   =================

   Gary Garber <ggarber@buphy.bu.edu> reported for this committee.

   SSW Meeting
   -----------

   They reported about a meeting with the School of Social Work's (SSW)
   Student Organization (a grad group in BU's SSW).  At that meeting,
   they:

   - Got a copy of that group's constitution (for our Steering
     Committee).

   - Learned about where they spend some of their budget: T-shirts,
     socials.

   - Learned about their source of funding: $25/year fee from students.

   - Learned more about how the paperwork that registered groups have
     to file (e.g., to spend money) works.

   - Discussed collaboration possibilities:

     (1) Invited SSW students to our next Pub Night.

     (2) Their GLBT caucus may be able to collaborate (with us in the
	 future) on issues like researching including domestic partners
	 on insurance plans.

   SAGE Meeting
   ------------

   They reported about a meeting with the Student Assoc. of Grad.
   Engineers (SAGE), which is BU's Engineering School's grad student
   group.  They learned that this group:

   - Has been around for 8 years.

   - Traditionally, it has been a 2-person group (with a president and
     treasurer).  More recently, they have taken on more projects and
     have added more officers to handle things like: communication with
     students, orientation, social events.

   - Have reps from each dept.

   - Recently acquired a lounge.

   - Are working on "professional development."

   - Have an orientation for students.

   - Deal with issues like "unfair qualifying exams."

   - Their funding comes from 2 sources:

     + Students pay $10/semester fee (approx. 400 students).  This
       money goes towards things for the lounge (e.g., computer
       equipment).

     + Engineering dean pays for social activities.


   GRS Meeting
   -----------

   They reported on a meeting with Andrea White, an assistant to Assoc.
   Dean Whitaker.

   Information learned from that meeting includes:

   - This year's GRS new student orientation cost $6,000.

   - Improvements in grad students' library privileges are still on
     the "back burner," but apparently still have the deans' support.

   - The new grad student lounge on the 3rd floor of the Metcalf
     building now has an ID-card reader.  The Liaison Committee would
     like to know what other supplies that room needs besides: seating,
     bookcases, magazine racks and bulletin boards.  The exact details
     of how students will receive card access to that building and room
     still need to be worked out.

   - Andrea White is willing to arrange a brown bag talk on resume
     writing and job interviewing if we would like.

   - GRS is willing to invite representatives from other insurance
     companies to next fall's orientation if we are able to find more
     plans applicable to grads.

   - Whitaker may be suggesting multiple-advisor approaches for
     students to each depts' Director of Graduate Studies (perhaps
     3-person committees).

   - Whitaker is apparently hoping for a student stipend pay increase
     next year.  Also, for a yearly pay increase after student stipends
     better match the cost-of-living.  It is not clear whether Dean
     Berkey supports these things.

     Meeting attendees felt that GRS is willing to make these pay
     increases because BU is not competitive with other universities.
     Attendees cited a decreased number of new students in their own
     departments due to students accepting appointments elsewhere.

   - Andrea White has been offering seminars on "grant writing" to each
     dept.

   - There are additional web pages with information about funding
     opportunities: http://www.bu.edu/OSP/.

   - Andrea said that the Boston Globe misquoted Whitaker in the
     article mentioning Pub Night.  It is not clear whether this
     means that he mentioned the GSO in that context or not.

   Finally...

   Apparently, Assoc. Dean Whitaker is interested in attending one of
   our GSO meetings.  Since we need to discuss more what kind of
   relationship we want with the administration and would want to be
   well-prepared for any such meeting, we are leaving that open for
   more discussion in the near future.

   Social Committee
   ================

   Jen Wenner <wenner@bu.edu> reported for this committee.

   They reported that plans for the next Pub Night are on track.

   Steering Committee
   ==================

   They did not attend, but Dave Morgan <dmorgan@math.bu.edu> reported
   by e-mail that their only new business was an upcoming meeting with
   a representative from Harvard's graduate organization.  This is just
   a rescheduling of the meeting they mentioned last time.

2. Collaboration with AAUP

   We discussed possibilities for collaboration with the BU Chapter of
   the American Assoc. of University Professors (AAUP).

   Rob Pitts <rip@cs.bu.edu> gave some information about BU's AAUP:

   - GSO first talked with them last March (minutes of that original
     meeting are available upon request).

   - AAUP is an advocacy group for teachers at universities.  They
     do have a Collective Bargaining Congress branch that deals with
     union issues.

   - BU's chapter has been around for perhaps decades.  Teachers here
     struck in 1979.  They eventually gained some advances through
     collective bargaining, however, not long after the '79 strike the
     National Labor Relations Board (who has jurisdiction over
     employees at private schools) ruled that teachers were "managers"
     and could not bargain collectively.  Still, many members of
     the AAUP throughout the country participate in some kind of
     collective bargaining unit.

   - BU's Chapter has dealt with the BU administration before.  One
     example of this is their report on "Academic Freedom at BU" that
     they gave to the administration (available to look at upon
     request).

   We've agreed that the best way to initially collaborate with them
   would be to have a joint brown bag lunch talk.  Meeting attendees
   decided that the topic that we may be interested in having them talk
   to us about is one of:

   - Intellectual Property Issues
   - Student/Advisor Relations
   - Teaching and Tenure Issues

   We would like to have such a talk this semester, which will depend
   on the availability of one of their members to present one of these
   topics.

3. Group Diversity

   We discussed how to promote more diversity in the GSO.

   Rob Pitts <rip@cs.bu.edu> presented some statistics about the group's
   current participation:

   - Approx. 150 students on the mailing list since after orientation,
     including at least 1 person from 26 depts in GRS.

   - 15 students on committees (down from 17 earlier in semester).
     Participation in committees is from students in 8 Science depts
     and one Humanities dept.

   - People attending general meetings are usually a subset of those on
     committees (although we encourage others to come).

   - More people participating on committees and at meetings this year
     (versus last year).  Nonetheless, the number of departments from
     which students participating in those come is not necessary larger
     than last year (although some of those depts are different than
     last year).

   Other diversity issues (although we don't have statistics on these):

   - Pretty diverse on gender.

   - More PhD students are involved than Masters.

   - Probably more American versus international students.

   ----

   Meeting attendees suggested that some of these diversity issues are
   possibly due to:

   - Time on campus, access to e-mail (Humanities versus Sciences).

   - Less time on campus, shorter degree programs, part- and full-time
     jobs (Masters students).


   ----

   A suggestion for trying to be more inclusive of Masters and
   international students was to have at least one brown bag talk
   geared toward each during the year.

   ----

   In order to make sure that general GSO meetings are more visible, we
   agreed to:

   - Start putting up signs (possibly stuffing mailboxes) for general
     meetings.

   - Look into advertising them in Daily Free Press or BU Bridge.

   - Try to promote the GSO with dept grad groups (including creating
     an updated flyer on the GSO's accomplishments and goals).

