Received: from gso.bu.edu (GSO.BU.EDU [128.197.60.71])
	by cs.bu.edu ((8.8.8.buoit.v1.0)/8.8.8/(BU-S-10/16/98-v1.0a)) with ESMTP id QAA03069;
	Fri, 19 Mar 1999 16:58:24 -0500 (EST)
Received: (from majordom@localhost)
	by gso.bu.edu (8.8.5/8.8.5/(BU-S-02/10/97-v1.0)) id QAA24443
	for info-list; Fri, 19 Mar 1999 16:58:18 -0500 (EST)
Received: from cs.bu.edu (root@CS.BU.EDU [128.197.10.2])
	by gso.bu.edu (8.8.5/8.8.5/(BU-S-02/10/97-v1.0)) with ESMTP id QAA24439
	for <info@gso.bu.edu>; Fri, 19 Mar 1999 16:58:14 -0500 (EST)
Received: from cs16.bu.edu (rip@cs16 [128.197.10.115])
	by cs.bu.edu ((8.8.8.buoit.v1.0)/8.8.8/(BU-S-10/16/98-v1.0a)) with ESMTP id QAA02863
	for <info@gso>; Fri, 19 Mar 1999 16:58:12 -0500 (EST)
From: Robert Pitts <rip@cs.bu.edu>
Received: by cs16.bu.edu (8.8.5/Spike-2.1)
	id QAA09145; Fri, 19 Mar 1999 16:58:08 -0500 (EST)
Date: Fri, 19 Mar 1999 16:58:08 -0500 (EST)
Message-Id: <199903192158.QAA09145@cs16.bu.edu>
To: info@gso.bu.edu
Subject: GSO - summary of Thu, Mar 18, 99 meeting
Sender: owner-info@gso.bu.edu
Precedence: bulk
Content-Type: text
Content-Length: 8083
Status: RO

Here is a summary of what we did at yesterday's Graduate Student
Organization meeting.  Our next general meeting will be on Thursday,
April 1st, 5:30-6:45pm.

--Rob

Summary
=======

1. Committee Reports

   Funding Committee
   =================

   This committee will be known as the "Financial, Academic & Research
   Committee" from now on.

   Ann Walker <annw@bu.edu> reported for this committee.

   - They have contacted the BU Law School's Office for Career Development,
     which has recommended a person appropriate for giving a talk on
     "Intellectual Property."  It's not yet clear whether this person
     will be available to talk this semester.

   - They have collected guidelines on advisor/advisee relationships
     from some other schools.  Namely, Univ. of Minn., Univ. of Calif.
     at Davis and MIT, who they believe have good sets of guidelines.
     They would like to propose to our administration that BU
     establishes such guidelines.  To that end, one committee member is
     working with an interested professor in their dept. on a version
     of those guidelines for BU.  They may send information out about
     those guidelines in order to get feedback.

   Healthcare Committee
   ====================

   Rob Pitts <rip@cs.bu.edu> reported for this committee.

   - They've looked into the "Lifetime Learning Tax Credit" that applies
     to grads who pay their own tuition and/or fees.  Apparently, it
     cannot cover health insurance (or health services fees).

   - They've placed a write-up of the state assistance program "Free Care"
     on the Healthcare Pages (http://gso.bu.edu/healthcare).  (Since
     they already have write-ups of how Free Care is implemented as
     some hospitals and health centers, this new write-up gives more
     specific information about how the program works in general).

   - They are continuing to plan a brown bag lunch talk with Chickering.
     Current details are:

     - *Tentative* date of Tuesday, April 6th, 12:30-1:30pm in MCS 135
       (but they still need confirmation on one of the 2 speakers for
       that date).

     - Both a representative from Chickering and one from BU's Student
       Health Services will be present.

     - They are scheduled to meet with the Undergraduate Student Union
       (the ugrad student gov't) at one of their regular meetings on
       Monday, March 22nd to officially propose that the union co-sponsor
       and assist with this event.

     - Early next week, they will be sending some initial questions about
       healthcare to the Chickering representative to look over in
       preparation for the talk.  They are interested in any questions
       students might have.

   Housing Committee
   =================

   Doug Wright <jdoug@math.bu.edu> reported for this committee.

   - They will be working on a formal letter (as requested by IT) about
     why new students need access to Off-Campus Housing listings before
     they come to BU.

   - Recently, they have been receiving (and answering) some basic
     questions from prospective students about housing (which suggests
     that these students are finding the GSO's web page).

   ----

   A meeting attendee asked whether the "sublet" announcements that are
   listed in the GSO's "Postings" section should be part of the Housing
   Pages.  They responded that they did not want to replicate the listing
   services that the Office of Off-Campus Housing already provides--that
   office's listings are probably a better resource (since their pages
   are likely visited by more students).  Off-Campus Housing's listings
   are always recommended to students that ask to post a sublet with
   the GSO, but "Postings" will still be available for apartment
   listings if students want to place one there as well.

   Liaison Committee
   =================

   Gary Garber <ggarber@buphy.bu.edu> reported for this committee earlier
   in the week by e-mail.

   For Orientation (it's more of a "Welcome") this Fall, GRS wants to
   make a big deal and spend a lot of money since this is the 125th
   anniversary of GRS.  Orientation issues are:

   - The date will be Tuesday, September 7th (classes start Thursday,
     Sept 2nd.)

   - GRS wants to invite all of their faculty, staff, students, etc. to
     the event. They said all included that is ~1600 people.

   - For the reception, GRS plans on using both the small and large ball
     rooms in the GSU.

   - GRS likes our suggestion of an outdoor BBQ, but won't do anything
     outside without a tent. The Commencement tent was $7000, so they
     figure a smaller one for this event would be about $4500.

   - Giving tours to new students is possible if we train ourselves and
     are willing to lead them.

   - They plan to have a jazzier poster for the events--4 colors.
     There will probably be a live string quartet at the reception, and
     more food at the info session in order to make it more festive.

   - New Student Packets: They have a library info sheet in the packet.
     Also, discount coupons.

   - There will probably be a June mailing.  Interestingly, GRS would
     like to have all new students set up their e-mail accounts over
     the summer.  What they are trying to do is set up an e-mail
     database list, so they can have a new students e-mail list for
     this summer (so they don't have to rely on depts. for pertinent
     info).  So, their might be something like new-grs@bu.edu for all
     the new students.  Similarly, during the year, there will be
     something like grs@bu.edu for all GRS students.  Of course, there
     will be restrictions on usage, so people don't get their mailboxes
     cluttered with spam and such.

   - No RSVP will be needed this year, as that may have discouraged
     people from attending last year.

   - The date for the new TF orientation is yet unknown.

   ----

   A meeting attendee asked whether establishing accounts for new grads
   over the summer would fix the "access to Off-Campus Housing listings"
   problem.

   Social Committee
   ================

   Cassandra Celatka <celatka@chem.bu.edu> and Amy Tapper
   <atapper@chem.bu.edu> reported for this committee.

   - Again, March's Social Event will be bowling/BeerWorks on March 23rd.

   - They were able to get $50 from GRS to buy pizza for that event.

   - For April, they are considering the "Dugout" bar as the event location.

   ----

   They provided more information about the free Calendar listings in
   the Daily Free Press.  That Calendar is published on Thursdays.
   Event descriptions can be send to "calendar@dailyfreepress.com" and
   must be submitted by noon on the 2nd Sunday before the calendar in
   which you want the event to appear (approx. 1 1/2 weeks ahead of time).

   Steering Committee
   ==================

   Kendra Carter <krosebor@chem.bu.edu> reported for this committee.
   Their report consisted of a presentation/discussion of the articles
   in the "Constitution, Bylaws, etc." section below.

2. Constitution, Bylaws, etc.

   We continued discussing the "Committees of the GSO" article and got
   through the rest of the committees.  We discussed having committees
   like "Survey" and "Steering" be re-occurring committees (e.g., have
   "Steering" pop back into existence each year to make sure the
   constitution and laws stay up-to-date.)  These would be different
   from ad-hoc committees that are created and destroyed as needed.

   We also continued the discussion of the "Officers of the GSO"
   article.  On the issue of either having 2 chairpersons (for the
   group as a whole) or "pres. and VP," we settled on having a
   president and vice-president so that duties are divided up
   (i.e., not really an issue of difference in "power").  Although
   these 2 officers would have different duties, they both will need
   to keep in touch with what is going on in the group.

   Remember to send your comments on articles (that have already been
   sent out by e-mail) to steering@gso.bu.edu.

