Received: from authusersmtp.mail.cornell.edu (granite1.mail.cornell.edu [128.253.83.141])
	by sundial.cs.cornell.edu (8.11.7-20031020/8.11.7/M-3.25) with ESMTP id k3K6kb216543
	for <egs+summary@cs.cornell.edu>; Thu, 20 Apr 2006 02:46:37 -0400 (EDT)
Received: from [10.0.1.201] (cpe-69-207-37-155.twcny.res.rr.com [69.207.37.155])
	(authenticated bits=0)
	by authusersmtp.mail.cornell.edu (8.13.1/8.12.10) with ESMTP id k3K6kV8U005593
	(version=TLSv1/SSLv3 cipher=RC4-SHA bits=128 verify=NOT)
	for <egs+summary@cs.cornell.edu>; Thu, 20 Apr 2006 02:46:36 -0400 (EDT)
Mime-Version: 1.0 (Apple Message framework v749.3)
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-Id: <4F91BE3C-583A-41C9-8F76-CBEDB264BF95@cornell.edu>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=US-ASCII; delsp=yes; format=flowed
To: egs+summary@cs.cornell.edu
From: Philip Kuryloski <pjk25@cornell.edu>
Subject: PAPER 23
Date: Thu, 20 Apr 2006 02:46:44 -0400
X-Mailer: Apple Mail (2.749.3)

OGSA:

The authors wish to provide an Open Grid Services Architecture which  
will allow the successful commercial application of grid computing.   
This system will provide QoS guarantees, robustness, and flexible  
resource allocation, as well as integration with existing legacy  
systems.  Aspects of the system are based on the existing Globus Grid  
Computing Toolkit.  Other web based standards such as SOAP, WSDL, and  
others also used.

The main functional unit generated by  OGSA is a virtual organization  
(VO).  The proposed grid service interfaces are GridService,  
Notification-Source, Notification-Sink, Registry, Factory, and  
HandleMap, and are used to compose a set of services for a VO.  The  
following higher-level services achievable by the systm include  
distributed data management services, workflow services, auditing  
services, instrumentation and monitoring services, problem  
determination services for distributed computing, and security  
protocol mapping services.

Essentially the system organizes and arbitrates the combined  
resources of a large number of networked computers.  Every resources  
is represented as a service, and users generate virtual organizations  
which make use of collections of these services.  OGSA proposes to  
use a number of web standards as well as the Globus toolkit to  
implement the system.  This document is a recommendation for the  
final system, so there is no evaluation of an actual OGSA system.   
Thus, it is difficult to comment on it's merit.


CONVERGENCE:

The authors primary claim is that P2P and Grid computing systems  
address the same greater goal, yet each thus far has focused  
primarily on two different aspects of such a system:  P2P addresses  
failure but not infrastructure, and Grid computing infrastructure but  
not failure.  As an ideal system would address both issues, the  
authors see an eventual convergence of these two technologies.

There are however, several significant differences between current  
P2P and Grid systems.  Grid systems generally are composed of  
resources for which there is some level of trust, and the services  
offered can be specialized.  P2P systems cannot assume trusted  
resources, and provide more general services.  Grid resources are  
also generally more powerful and well connected, as where P2P  
resources are varied and may be poorly connected.  These  
characteristics also lend to more hierarchical organization in Grid  
systems, and larger file transfers between nodes.  Grid systems are  
also generally composed of much smaller numbers of nodes.

The authors argue that despite this disparities, both types of  
systems would benefit from the advances made by the other.  Grid  
systems will grow to encompass larger numbers of nodes, and P2P  
networks will benefit from more structure, for example.  However, in  
my own opinion there seem to be some non-convergent aspects of the  
two systems, or rather two disparate assumptions or design  
philosophies associated with each system:  fairness is a requirement  
and must be enforced in P2P, while Grids serve the same greater  
purpose and so fairness between nodes is not required.  Based on this  
difference, it is not clear to me that complete convergence between  
the two types of systems will be achieved or will be optimal.

