Received: from mail2.sas.upenn.edu (MAIL2.SAS.UPENN.EDU 
[165.123.26.33]) by futures.wharton.upenn.edu (8.6.12/8.6.12) with 
ESMTP id OAA06720 for <rosenb54@futures.wharton.upenn.edu>; Fri, 
14 Jul 1995 14:29:07 -0400
Received: (from steiming@localhost) by mail2.sas.upenn.edu 
(8.6.11/SAS 8.03)
	id OAA02607 for rosenb54@futures.wharton; Fri, 14 Jul 1995 
14:29:07 -0400
Received: from anvil.gatech.edu (root@anvil.gatech.edu 
[130.207.165.41]) by orion.sas.upenn.edu (8.6.11/SAS 8.03) with 
ESMTP
	id NAA19857 for <steiming@sas.upenn.edu>; Fri, 14 Jul 1995 
13:49:52 -0400
Received: from acmex.gatech.edu (gt1367b@acmex.gatech.edu 
[130.207.165.22]) by anvil.gatech.edu (8.6.12/8.6.12) with ESMTP id 
NAA29914 for <steiming@sas.upenn.edu>; Fri, 14 Jul 1995 13:49:50 
-0400
Received: (gt1367b@localhost) by acmex.gatech.edu (8.6.12/8.6.12) 
id NAA19209 for steiming@sas.upenn.edu; Fri, 14 Jul 1995 13:49:24 
-0400
Posted-Date: Fri, 14 Jul 1995 13:49:52 -0400
Received-Date: Fri, 14 Jul 1995 13:49:52 -0400
From: gt1367b@prism.gatech.edu (!#!)
Message-Id: <199507141749.NAA19209@acmex.gatech.edu>
Subject: TU sPhilly round from Jim Dendy (fwd)
To: steiming@sas.upenn.edu (Frank J. Steiminger)
Date: Fri, 14 Jul 1995 13:49:23 -0400 (EDT)
X-Mailer: ELM [version 2.4 PL24]
Content-Type: text
Content-Length: 14250
Sender: steiming@sas.upenn.edu
Status: RO

Forwarded message:
>From MrPbody@aol.com Fri Jul 14 11:23 EDT 1995
From: MrPbody@aol.com
Date: Fri, 14 Jul 1995 11:22:27 -0400
Message-Id: <950714112224_32641433@aol.com>
To: gt1367b@prism.gatech.edu
Subject: TU sPhilly round from Jim Dendy
Content-Type: text
Content-Length: 13966

August 1995 Philadelphia Experiment
Questions submitted by Jim Dendy

1. It features Kehaar, a black-headed gull who is wise in the
ways of men.  Despite his strong instincts to return to the "Peeg
Vater" he remains loyal to those who have befriended him, despite
his condescending attitude toward "land-lubbers".  For 10 points,
identify this book in which Kehaar is befriended by Bigwig and
who aids the rabbits in their battles.
          Answer: Watership Down

2. In its upper reaches, the rivers known as Mouhoun, Nazinon,
and Nakanbe are sometimes referred to as the Black, Red, and
White Branches of this river.  The lower portion is formed at
Yeji, where the Black and White come together, passing through
its namesake lake to Ada on the Gulf of Guinea.  For 10 point,s
what is this river of Ghana that formed part of the former name
of Burkina Faso.
          Answer: Volta

3. In this presidential election, the Republican platform called
for the limitation of armaments, reduced taxes and supported the
Fordney McCumber tariff while the Democratic one denounced the
KKK, endorsed the League of  Nations, and called for a
competitive tariff.  For 10 points, identify this election year
in which Charles W. Bryan, Burton K. Wheeler, and Charles G.
Dawes served as the running mates of John W. Davis, Robert M.
LaFollette, and Calvin Coolidge respectively.
          Answer: 1924

4. In 1929 he took a simple X frame of steel bars added
supporting leather straps and back and seat cushions in leather
to create his "Barcelona chair" for the German pavilion at the
1929 Barcelona Exhibition.  His residential work culminated in
the Farnsworth House near Fox River, Illinois, where he worked
from 1938 to 1958 as director of architecture at the Illinois
Institute of Technology.  For 10 points, identify this director
of the Bauhaus from 1930 to 1933 whose most famous work is his
collaboration with Philip Johnson on the Seagram building.
          Answer: Ludwig Mies van der Rohe

5. The underlying reasoning was a law of the duchy of Brabant
that provided for the transfer of property of children born of
the first marriage of the deceased.  In this instance, it was
applied to the Spanish Netherlands, which it was argued should
not go to Charles II of Spain but to Marie Therese, Queen of
France.  For 10 points what this dispute fought in 1667 and 1668
over Louis XIV's claim of an unpaid dowry.
          Answer: War of the Devolution

6. Like Geiger, he lent his name to a radiation counter that
utilizes the effect he discovered to detect particles.  His work
began in 1932, when he began to study the luminescence given off
by certain liquids when irradiated by gamma rays and in 1934
discovered the phenomenon which bears his name.  For 10 points,
identify this Russian physicist who discovered the bluish light
emitted when charged atomic particles move through a liquid with
a velocity greater than that of light in the medium.
          Answer: Pavel Alekseyevich Cherenkov

7. He died on Mount Hor and was succeeded by his son Eleazar.
Like his brother, he was forbidden to enter the promised land
because of his lack of faith exhibited by his building the Golden
Calf while Joshua and Moses were on Mt. Sinai receiving the Ten
Commandments.  For 10 points, identify this minister and
spokesman for Moses.
          Answer: Aaron

8. Its drive for independence was inspired by the July Revolution
in France that put Louis Phillipe on the throne.  In August, 1830
an uprising began in which a unique coalition of Catholics and
liberals proclaimed its independence which was accepted by the
Great Powers in the Treaty of London, over Dutch protests.  For
10 points, what is this nation whose first king was Leopold of
Saxe-Coburg-Gotha.
          Answer: Belgium

9. Of the annual production of this compound in the US, about 40
per cent comes from soapmaking while the remaining is derived
from allyl alcohol or propylene.  With formula C3H8O3, it a
colorless, odorless, sweet-tasting alcohol.  For 10 points what
is this compound that when esterized with three fatty acids is
the basis of all simple fats and oils?
          Answer: glycerol

10. He fought in the Mexican-American war and in the civil war
and was an unsuccessful presidential candidate in 1867 and 1871.
After each defeat, he led an unsuccessful military uprising,
ostensibly to terminate the power and influence of foreign
capitalists but in reality to further his personal ambition for
power.  For 10 points, identify this man who in 1876 overthrew
the government of Sebastien Lerdo de Tejada and the following
year was installed as president of Mexico.
          Answer: Porfirio Diaz

11. He is both clean and polite, as you would know if you ever
shook his hand after a sneeze and suggests that if we used
electric stun-guns on fools, it might soon become an acceptable
practice. He has proposed the abolition of the outdated practice
of writing thank-you notes, and frequently insults his pathetic
loser owner.  For 10 points, identify this former king of Elbonia
who recently took over his owner's company for a full thirty
dollars in a comic strip by Scott Adams.
          Answer: Dogbert prompt for more info on Scott Adams
          early buzz

12. A chronic acute gastrointestinal tract condition results when
its salts are consumed and a chronic form, often from vapor
inhalation causes brain changes with tremor, ataxia, and social
withdrawal.  Poisoning with this metal can occur from fish living
in contaminated water or from cereals treated with antifungal
agents.  For 10 points, identify this element with atomic number
80 whose symbol derives from the Latin for "liquid silver".
          Answer: mercury

13. It ends with the title character, having been fatally wounded
in a fight and picked up by the coast guard gasping "One man
alone ain't got... no chance."  Its central character, a native
of Key West, is forced by the Depression to turn to smuggling,
bootlegging and finally to helping four Cuban revolutionaries to
escape.  For 10 points, identify this 1937 novel centered on
Harry Morgan by Ernest Hemingway.
          Answer: To Have and Have Not

14. He was born at St. Germaine-en-Laye in 1862 and educated at
the Paris Conservatoire, which he entered at age 10.  As private
musician to Nadejda von Meck, the patron of Tchaikovsky, he
traveled to Moscow where he met many of the Five.  For 10 points,
identify this winner of the 1884 Prix de rome for the cantata,
"The Prodigal Son"  better known for his "La Mer" and "Prelude to
the Afternoon of a Fawn".
          Answer: Claude Debussy

15. It was here that "... twice five miles of fertile ground/with
walls and towers were girdled round" and that "through caverns
measureless to man/Down to a sunless sea", "Alph the sacred river
ran".  For 10 points, identify this realm which according to
Samuel Taylor Coleridge saw Kublai Khan declare "a stately
pleasure dome".
          Answer: Xanadu

16. In 1942, he was posthumously restored to the service with the
rank of major general, having resigned in January, 1926 after
being found guilty of conduct prejudicial to good order and
military discipline.  For 10 points, identify this US Army Air
Service colonel whose insistence that capital ships were
vulnerable to air attack led to his court martial in 1925.
          Answer: William "Billy" Mitchell

17. He was so troublesome in his youth that he was sent away from
home and entrusted to the care of Vingnir and Hlora.  Upon
attaining adulthood, he was admitted to Asgard and given the
realm Thrudheim, where he built the most spacious hall, the five
hundred forty room Bilskirnir.  For 10 points, identify this
Norse god who in childhood amazed the gods by playfully tossing
about 10 heavy bales of bearskins.
          Answer: Thor

18. The British astronomer James Bradley used its brightest star,
Etamin to discover the aberration of light in 1729.  It is
situated between the Big Dipper and Little Dipper just below the
celestial pole.  For 10 points, identify this constellation that
shares its name with a legendary lawgiver of Athens.
          Answer: Draco

19. He wrote one detective story, The House Mystery and several
whimsical plays that were popular in the 1920s including The
Dover Road and Mr. Pym Passes By.  For 10 points, identify this
British author, born in London in 1882, who is best remembered
for his children's works such as Now We Are Six and When We Were
Very Young, which contain his best known character, Winnie the
Pooh.
          Answer: A.A. Milne

20. He compared Woodrow Wilson to Odysseus, Clemenceau to
Pericles and stated that "Lenin was right.  There is no surer
means of overturning the existing basis of society than to
debauch the currency" all in his The Economic Consequences of
Peace.  For 10 points, identify this British economist best known
for his 1936 book The General Theory of Employment, Interest and
Money.
          Answer: John Maynard Keynes

21. He was accused of receiving a 20 talent bribe from Harpalus,
Alexander the Great's governor of Babylon, who had deserted
taking the king's treasure with him; an act which led to his
eventual exile from Athens.  Being pursued by the forces of
Antipater, regent of Macedon, he fled to the island of Calauria
where he committed suicide as Antipater's forces arrived.  FTP,
who was this man who overcame a lisp by practicing declamation
with a mouth full of pebbles orating the Phillipics against
Philip of Macedon?
          Answer: Demosthenes

22. Found naturally in infinitesimal quantities, this radioactive
substance can be produced by irradiating lithium and has a half
life of 12.5 years.  FTP, identify this substance, useful in
atomic weapons, with an atomic weight of three, which is the
heaviest isotope of hydrogen.
          Answer: tritium

23. Arising from an experience the founder was studying called
the phi phenomenon in which a forefinger held about six inches
before the nose seems to move when the eyes are alternately
closed, it was a self-conscious school in systematic psychology.
FTP, identify this school founded in 1912 by Max Wertheimer with
later development by Kurt Koffka and Wolfgang Koehler whose name
was derived from the German for "form" or "shape."
          Answer: gestalt

24. Praefanda is his collection of bawdy and obscene passages
from Latin authors.  His lecture "The Name and Nature of Poetry"
illuminates the process of poetic creation.  And his best known
work is a series of 63 nostalgic lyrics largely in ballad form
and often addressed to a farm boy or soldier.  FTP, identify this
British poet and scholar, author of A Shropshire Lad.
          Answer: A(lfred) E(dward) Housman

25. A lawyer and War of 1812 veteran, this Mercersburg, PA native
compiled more than 40 years of public service as a legislator and
diplomat.  He is known now for several mistaken prognostications:
his belief that the Dred Scott decision would "speedily and
finally" end conflict over the expansion of slavery, and his
deathbed prediction that "history will vindicate my memory." FTP,
identify this man, nominated for president largely because he was
in England during the Kansas-Nebraska debate, who served as the
15th US president.
          Answer: James Buchanan

26. It comes from the Latin word for a small reward, and the
first were made by monks in southern Europe as a reward for
children who learned their prayers; thus, its shape represented
the crossed arms of a child praying.  FTP, identify this German
biscuit, brittle and twisted, with a glazed, salted surface.
         Answer: pretzel

27. In this man's muddy briefcase which he carried with him in
the car during the car accident which killed him was a scribbled,
handwritten manuscript of the first chapters of his
autobiography, which has recently been published as The First
Man.  FTP, identify this Algerian, Nobel Prize winning author of
The Stranger.
          Answer: Albert Camus

28. Leonardo da Vinci is well known for his scientific pursuits
as well as his artistic ones, but he was not the only Renaissance
painter who could be considered a Renaissance man.  In 1522 this
artist designed a flying machine for use in war and two years
later designed the first German manual on geometry.  FTP,
identify this engraver who created The Four Apostles, and Knight,
Death, and the Devil.
          Answer: Albrecht Durer

29. Light was thought of as a mechanical wave in the late 19th
century, but such a wave had to have a medium through which to be
propagated.  FTP, identify the hypothetical medium postulated by
physicists of this time period in order to explain this
mechanical motion of light, a theory which was disproved by the
Michelson-Morley experiment.
          Answer: (lumeniferous) ether

30. Charles Ryder becomes an architechtural painter and marries
the sister of an Oxford friend, but he later falls in love with
Julia, the married sister of his other Oxford friend, Sebastian
Marchmain.  They have an affair and plan to get divorces, but
Julia's Catholic faith claims her at last, and she gives up
Charles.  FTP, this happens in what novel by Evelyn Waugh?
          Answer: Brideshead Revisited

31. On his way home from Troy, he was shipwrecked but managed to
swim to shore.  Clinging to a rock, he boasted that he was a man
whom the sea could not drown. Angered by his words, Poseidon
split the rock and he was swept away.  For 10 points, identify
this chieftain of Locris who angered Athena by dragging Cassandra
from here altar after the fall of Troy.
          Answer: Ajax the Lesser

32. The publicist Gusave Auguste de Beaumont de la Bonnineire, he
went abroad in 1831 and upon his return home in 1832, they
published "The Penitentiary System in the United States and Its
Application in France".  For 10 points, identify this man who on
his return began writing his most famous work, Democracy in
America.
          Answer: Alexis de Toqueville


