Received: from gso.bu.edu (GSO.BU.EDU [128.197.60.71])
	by cs.bu.edu ((8.8.8.buoit.b4)/8.8.8/(BU-S-06/23/98-b7)) with ESMTP id RAA08996;
	Fri, 11 Sep 1998 17:42:06 -0400 (EDT)
Received: (from majordom@localhost)
	by gso.bu.edu (8.8.5/8.8.5/(BU-S-02/10/97-v1.0)) id RAA17569
	for info-list; Fri, 11 Sep 1998 17:41:35 -0400 (EDT)
Received: from cs.bu.edu (root@CS.BU.EDU [128.197.10.2])
	by gso.bu.edu (8.8.5/8.8.5/(BU-S-02/10/97-v1.0)) with ESMTP id RAA17565
	for <info@gso.bu.edu>; Fri, 11 Sep 1998 17:41:32 -0400 (EDT)
Received: from cs16.bu.edu (rip@cs16 [128.197.10.115])
	by cs.bu.edu ((8.8.8.buoit.b4)/8.8.8/(BU-S-06/23/98-b7)) with ESMTP id RAA08962
	for <info@gso>; Fri, 11 Sep 1998 17:41:31 -0400 (EDT)
From: Robert Pitts <rip@cs.bu.edu>
Received: by cs16.bu.edu (8.8.5/Spike-2.1)
	id RAA07777; Fri, 11 Sep 1998 17:41:27 -0400 (EDT)
Date: Fri, 11 Sep 1998 17:41:27 -0400 (EDT)
Message-Id: <199809112141.RAA07777@cs16.bu.edu>
To: info@gso.bu.edu
Subject: GSO - summary of Thu, Sep 10, 98 meeting
Sender: owner-info@gso.bu.edu
Precedence: bulk
Content-Type: text
Content-Length: 4934
Status: RO

Here is a summary of what we did at yesterday's Graduate Student
Organization meeting.  Our next meeting will be on Thu, Sep 24 at 6pm.

--Rob

Summary
=======

1. Orientation

   Based on those at the meeting, students felt orientation went quite
   well.  Nonetheless, we didn't end up needing as many volunteers (or
   restaurants) for dinner as we had originally planned.

   Some new students commented that they liked the idea of nametags,
   the packets of information sent from GRS, and going to restaurants.
   They weren't sure how useful the information fair was.

   Via e-mail, someone suggested having dept reps there (perhaps a goal
   for a future orientation when most depts have such a thing).

   We plan to provide a new grad student orientation each year.

2. Survey

   Gareth Roberts <garethr@math.bu.edu> briefly presented some results
   from the Spring 1998 Survey of grad student interests and concerns
   (see our web page, http://gso.bu.edu, for a complete summary).

   Not present in the web page summary are the following comments:

   - Based on students answers, we learned something about how to
     improve the questions for a future survey.

   - Often, the reason that TA's work less than RA's is because they
     have both a TA and research workload, so hours spent at teaching
     does not reflect the total time they spend (i.e., on teaching AND
     their research).

   - Some would like us to (in the future) make a note of those that
     teach classes on their own and those that teach as "assistants"
     (e.g., for labs or discussions).

   It is not clear if we will do another survey this year, but most
   likely some time in the future.  We'll probably not address the
   issue of a survey again until the Spring semester.

3. Issues/Projects

   Below are the projects we discussed at this meeting (whether we can
   take these on will depend on whether we have volunteers for each).
   The projects are in no particular order.

   Library Privileges

     We have pursued the issue of non-fellow students having worse
     library borrowing privileges than fellows.  Apparently, the policy
     is going to be changed (so that all grads have the "better"
     privileges).  We'll update you as we learn more about the policy
     change.

   Social Events

     - Pub Nights

     - Movie Night(s)?: 2 possibilities for this: we can pursue a movie
       night with free movie and food to be sponsored by Student
       Advantage and Cablevision (this was something we had discussed
       last semester) and/or we could have movie showings for grads in
       some campus location, organized by students.

     - Intramural Sports?: bowling, soccer, frisbee.

     - Talks: Chickering (BU Insurance), teaching issues?, unions?,
              race/gender?, international student issues (e.g., visas)?,
              other grad orgs.

   Grad Student Lounge

     We are currently in the process of obtaining a lounge for grad
     students.  This will likely be where we hold future meetings and
     talks.  Details about the location will be given when they are
     settled.

     We'd also like to set up a bulletin board in the lounge and a
     library of various documents that the GSO has acquired (relevant
     to grads).

   Formalizing Group

     We need to start thinking more about a constitution, officers/
     dept reps, and what kind of relationship we want to have with the
     university.

   Student Funding

     We'd like to pursue the issue of the disparity in pay between the
     Humanities and Sciences.  This may also include Humanities having
     less opportunities for summer funding.

     We'd also like to pursue:

     - Cost of Living increases.

     - The possibility of healthcare plans being part of funding packages.

     - Improving information about sources of funding (or other income
       opportunities).

   Teaching Issues

     - Lack of training in many depts.

     - Unregulated hours, workloads.

     - What's happening to tenure.

   Healthcare

     - Other healthcare options for grads.

     - Ways to improve our own plan (e.g., can we continue coverage
       after we graduate?)

   National Assoc. of Graduate - Professional Students (NAGPS)

     - Will we participate in their November National Conference (in
       Braintree)?

     - Will we become members of the NAGPS (giving benefits to our
       group and grads in GRS)?

   Labor Rights

     Will we continue to research the labor rights of students?

   Housing

     Improvements to housing information available to grad students.

4. Committees

   The committees that we will retain from last year are:

     Social
     Healthcare

   The new committees are:

     Liaison
     Steering
     Funding (since funding was ranked a #1 issue on the 1998 survey)
  
   A description of each of these committees will be sent in a separate
   e-mail.

