Received: from gso.bu.edu (GSO.BU.EDU [128.197.60.71])
	by cs.bu.edu ((8.8.8.buoit.v1.0)/8.8.8/(BU-S-10/16/98-v1.0a)) with ESMTP id RAA03486;
	Fri, 28 May 1999 17:02:48 -0400 (EDT)
Received: (from majordom@localhost)
	by gso.bu.edu (8.8.5/8.8.5/(BU-S-02/10/97-v1.0)) id RAA26396
	for info-list; Fri, 28 May 1999 17:02:41 -0400 (EDT)
Received: from cs.bu.edu (root@CS.BU.EDU [128.197.10.2])
	by gso.bu.edu (8.8.5/8.8.5/(BU-S-02/10/97-v1.0)) with ESMTP id RAA26392
	for <info@gso.bu.edu>; Fri, 28 May 1999 17:02:37 -0400 (EDT)
Received: from cs16.bu.edu (rip@cs16 [128.197.10.115])
	by cs.bu.edu ((8.8.8.buoit.v1.0)/8.8.8/(BU-S-10/16/98-v1.0a)) with ESMTP id RAA03480
	for <info@gso>; Fri, 28 May 1999 17:02:35 -0400 (EDT)
From: Robert Pitts <rip@cs.bu.edu>
Received: by cs16.bu.edu (8.8.5/Spike-2.1)
	id RAA13845; Fri, 28 May 1999 17:02:32 -0400 (EDT)
Date: Fri, 28 May 1999 17:02:32 -0400 (EDT)
Message-Id: <199905282102.RAA13845@cs16.bu.edu>
To: info@gso.bu.edu
Subject: GSO - summary of Thu, May 27, 99 meeting
Sender: owner-info@gso.bu.edu
Precedence: bulk
Content-Type: text
Content-Length: 11586
Status: RO

Here is a summary of what we did at yesterday's Graduate Student
Organization meeting.  Our next general meeting will be towards
the end of June (to be announced).

--Rob

Summary
=======

1. Committee Reports

   Financial, Academic and Research Committee
   ==========================================

   Ann Walker <annw@bu.edu> reported for this committee (communicating
   information from Gareth Roberts <garethr@math.bu.edu>).

   - They were able to schedule Wendy Gordon, the speaker for an
     "Intellectual Property" talk, for Thursday, September 9th at noon.

   - They have added a new area to the GSO web site, the "FAR Pages"
     (http://gso.bu.edu/FAR).  Currently, it has some information about
     BU grad stipend rates and some rates at other local schools.

     They'd be interested in hearing from students that know about the
     pay rate in some dept at another school (send that info to
     far@gso.bu.edu).  The FAR Pages will continue to grow.

   - They are still working on a policy statement for "Advising".

   Healthcare Committee
   ====================

   Jill Orofino <jillo@bu.edu> reported for this committee.

   They have:

   - Completed a "site map" for the Healthcare Pages
     (http://gso.bu.edu/healthcare).  This has been designed as a set
     of questions that students can ask in order to better find useful
     information on those pages.  I.e., it's an alternative way in
     which the healthcare information is organized.

   - Updated the writeup of BU's Chickering student health insurance
     plan for 99/00 (on the Healthcare Pages).  Most notably, the
     premium is increasing to $576 for the student (an increase of $26)
     and the generic prescription copayment will be $5 (an increase of
     $2).  Other costs and coverage will remain the same, except that
     a vision discount plan is now included (i.e., for no extra cost).
     The vision discount plan will provide discounts for certain services
     at participating providers.

   - Contacted a representative of the NAGPS health insurance plan in
     order to obtain updated rates and coverage information for 99/00.
     In addition, asked about getting printed material to use to represent
     the NAGPS plan at the New Grad Student Orientation this Fall.

   ----

   An attendee asked whether there was an e-mail where Chickering can
   be contacted.

   Housing Committee
   =================

   This committee did not report.

   ----

   An attendee mentioned that the Off-Campus Housing Office still
   provides paper listings (as well as the electronic ones).  The office
   claims this is one reason why the application for their web listings
   is done on paper.  However, it may be useful to ask them whether they
   will institute an electronic version that would be more convenient for
   non-local students.

   Also, since new students will be able to get computer accounts over
   the summer (see Liaison Committee report below) and access Off-Campus
   Housing's web listings, the GSO will stop accepting "apartment/sublet/
   roommate" listings to our "Postings" page after mid-June.

   Liaison Committee
   =================

   Rob Pitts <rip@cs.bu.edu>, acting liaison for the summer, reported
   for this committee.  Most of the following information comes from
   Andrea White, assistant to Assoc. Dean Whitaker.

   New Student Mailings
   --------------------

   The GSO flyer, with information about our web pages and some of our
   Sept. events, was included in mailings to new students.  Mailings
   were sent out approx. May 17th.  GRS will provide one of these
   packets to us (so that we can see what other information they sent).

   The GSO will have the opportunity to put an updated flyer in the
   packets that will be given to new students when they arrive in the
   Fall.

   Fall Orientation for New Grad Students
   --------------------------------------

   GRS's orientation will be made up of an Information Fair and a
   Reception (like it's first incarnation last year), both on Sept.
   7th.  They are expecting a few hundred students at this event.

     Information Fair:

      - 3-4pm, in small ballroom of GSU
      - Will have tables for things like: GSO, Chickering, Development,
        Fin. Aid, ISSO, BU police, etc.  They are adding tables for a
        few offices they didn't have last year.
      - They hope to have some soda/munchies available during the fair.

     Reception:

      - After 4pm, in large ballroom of GSU
      - Will have hors d'oeuvre.

   New International Student TF Orientation
   ----------------------------------------

   This brand-new event will be Aug. 17-24.

   - It is supposed to be mandatory for international students who will
     be new TFs and who have not already received degrees at English-speaking
     schools.

   - Students will stay in Myles Standish Hall during the program.
     Afterwards, they will be put up in Howard Johnson's (on Boylston
     St.) until Aug. 31st (if they need accommodations).

     We already sent mail saying that GRS is looking for a few students
     to stay in the dorm with these new students (for a small stipend).

   - This orientation will consist of things like: a welcome, visits
     from off-campus housing, language assessment, cultural orientation.

   - They've received confirmation from 22 new students and expect perhaps
     40 to attend.

   - There are opportunities for the GSO to plan social events for
     these students, mainly Friday night (8/20) and on the weekend
     (8/21-22).  GRS would pay for these events.  We could even
     invite some continuing students as long as we give some estimates
     of attendance to GRS.  They'd like to know about any social
     events we want to plan during this orientation by mid-June
     (if possible).

   Regular New TF Orientation
   --------------------------

   This orientation will be Sept. 1st at 2pm (SCI 107).  As in past
   years, the deans plus a few veteran TFs will speak to students.
   Apparently, speeches normally give students some basic tips on
   teaching and do's and don'ts.  GRS provides munchies during that event.

   New Student Computer Accounts
   -----------------------------

   The university will be sending mailings to new students in June
   about how to establish their BU computer accounts.  These will be
   normal accounts that will allow students access to Off-Campus'
   Housing listings on the web.

   Grad Student Mailing List
   -------------------------

   The university will be establishing a mailing list for all GRS
   students.  However, it will NOT be generally accessible (the
   university worries about "spam").  Even when GRS wants to send stuff
   to this list, they will need the dean's approval and must go through
   a certain "procedure".

   There is the possibility that the GSO could send something like an
   initial mail to all students each year (if we do it via GRS).  It
   might be possible to selectively mail to subsets of students (like
   new ones).

   Library Privileges
   ------------------

   Andrea White said that she would remind Assoc. Dean Whitaker about
   library privileges (i.e., getting the better borrowing privileges
   that TFs have for all grads).  She said that although the deans are
   behind the policy change, the issue has been getting the library
   administration to want to change that policy.

   GRS money for GSO
   -----------------

   As far as the $1,000 Assoc. Dean Whitaker said (last Fall) that he
   would like to allot to the GSO for the 99/00 year, Andrea White said
   that budgeting that money should not be a problem.  The GSO would
   have access to the money as in the past, i.e., we'd have to ask GRS
   for money for a particular event/project and GRS would say Yes or No.

   Grad Student Lounge
   -------------------

   The issue of our current lounge in Metcalf being inadequate was
   brought up.  I.e., we had originally asked for a lounge that ALL GRS
   students would have access to.  In addition, the acoustics of the
   lounge make it almost impossible to hold talks or even meetings.
   Andrea White asked Assoc. Dean Whitaker about another location and
   was give a response that there are no available rooms.

   Obviously, this is an issue we'll need to continue to pursue.  One
   possibility is to catalog what facilities grads have at other local
   schools (some have their own buildings) as evidence for BU being way
   behind in that respect.

   Pay Rate Statistics
   -------------------

   As long as the dean approves, Andrea White is willing to share with
   the GSO information on grad stipend rates at other local schools.
   These statistics are something she's tried to get each Fall during
   the last few years.

   Grant Writing Seminar
   ---------------------

   Andrea White is willing to set up a grant-writing talk (interdisciplinary)
   with the GSO next year.  This is something GRS provided for depts that
   requested it this past year.  Early Fall was suggested as a good time to
   do this since many grants are due in November.

   Foreign Language Resources
   --------------------------

   Andrea White mentioned that the Geddes Language Center (5th floor of
   CAS building, close to Tsai Performance Center end) has resources
   available on learning foreign languages.  This may be a resource for
   grad students to study for their language exams.  The center's front
   desk says the center is accessible to any BU student.

   List of Dept. Chairs/DGSs
   -------------------------

   GRS will give us a new list of dept Chairs/Directors of Graduate
   Studies later in the summer (i.e., should we want to contact depts
   on different issues, such as getting student reps to the GSO).

   ----

   One attendee mentioned that there is usually a reception after the
   Regular New TF Orientation and that we might ask about getting a table
   for the GSO.  Also, another asked whether there might be the possibility
   of preparing a flyer geared toward TFs for that event.

   On the issue of library privileges, one attendee suggested asking
   why the deans don't have the authority to get the library to change
   their policy, especially considering that Dean Berkey of GRS is also
   the Provost.  Another suggestion (to follow this first approach) is
   to ask GRS where to send letters since several students are concerned
   enough about the library privilege issue to send letters.

   On the issue of mailing lists, someone suggested trying to get the
   address of each dept's mailing list for grads (not all depts have
   them) since we won't be able to use the mailing list for all GRS
   grads in general.  That way we'd have a way to contact most grads
   directly if a critical issue should come up.

   Social Committee
   ================

   Cassandra Celatka <celatka@chem.bu.edu> and Amy Tapper
   <atapper@chem.bu.edu> were present for this committee.

   They will be thinking about possible social events for the New
   International TF Orientation in August (see Liaison Committee
   report above).

   Steering Committee
   ==================

   Kendra Carter <krosebor@chem.bu.edu> Dave Morgan <dmorgan@math.bu.edu>,
   and Jen Wenner <wenner@bu.edu> were present for this committee.  Their
   report consisted of a presentation/discussion of the articles in the
   "Constitution, Bylaws, etc." section below.

2. Constitution, Bylaws, etc.

   We mainly made minor changes to the "Dept Reps" and "Meetings"
   articles.

