Received: from gso.bu.edu (GSO.BU.EDU [128.197.60.71])
	by cs.bu.edu ((8.8.8.buoit.v1.0)/8.8.8/(BU-S-10/16/98-v1.0a)) with ESMTP id RAA20800;
	Fri, 5 Feb 1999 17:15:59 -0500 (EST)
Received: (from majordom@localhost)
	by gso.bu.edu (8.8.5/8.8.5/(BU-S-02/10/97-v1.0)) id RAA20573
	for info-list; Fri, 5 Feb 1999 17:15:47 -0500 (EST)
Received: from cs.bu.edu (CS.BU.EDU [128.197.10.2])
	by gso.bu.edu (8.8.5/8.8.5/(BU-S-02/10/97-v1.0)) with ESMTP id RAA20569
	for <info@gso.bu.edu>; Fri, 5 Feb 1999 17:15:42 -0500 (EST)
Received: from cs16.bu.edu (rip@cs16 [128.197.10.115])
	by cs.bu.edu ((8.8.8.buoit.v1.0)/8.8.8/(BU-S-10/16/98-v1.0a)) with ESMTP id RAA20773
	for <info@gso>; Fri, 5 Feb 1999 17:15:44 -0500 (EST)
From: Robert Pitts <rip@cs.bu.edu>
Received: by cs16.bu.edu (8.8.5/Spike-2.1)
	id RAA13728; Fri, 5 Feb 1999 17:15:33 -0500 (EST)
Date: Fri, 5 Feb 1999 17:15:33 -0500 (EST)
Message-Id: <199902052215.RAA13728@cs16.bu.edu>
To: info@gso.bu.edu
Subject: GSO - summary of Thu, Feb 4, 99 meeting
Sender: owner-info@gso.bu.edu
Precedence: bulk
Content-Type: text
Content-Length: 10645
Status: RO

Here is a summary of what we did at yesterday's Graduate Student
Organization meeting.  Our next general meeting will be on Thursday,
February 18th, 5:30-6:45pm.

Note that there is still a need for volunteers who can help plan next
Fall's New Grad Student Orientation and also a need for suggestions for
that orientation (as mentioned in the Liaison Committee report below).

--Rob

Summary
=======

1. Committee Reports

   Committee Membership Changes
   ----------------------------

   Amy Tapper <atapper@chem.bu.edu> and Cassandra Celatka <celatka@chem.bu.edu>
   have taken over the Social Committee.  Since Cassandra was a liaison, that
   leaves Gary Garber <ggarber@buphy.bu.edu> as the only member of the
   Liaison Committee.

   Jen Wenner <wenner@bu.edu> has moved from the Social to Steering
   Committee.  There is also one other person who may be able to give
   some help to Steering.

   -----

   A brief report was given by each committee:

   Funding Committee
   =================

   Gareth Roberts <garethr@math.bu.edu> gave the main report for this
   committee with some additional information presented by Ann Walker
   <annw@bu.edu>.

   They have more details on Harvard and MIT's grad stipend payscales.
   Details will be given on their up-and-coming web pages (see below).

   They also learned that Harvard surveyed pay scales at comparable
   schools and then raised its stipends this past Fall 98 (this
   indicates that the Harvard pay rates mentioned by Funding last
   semester we not the most current ones).

   Recall that BU is raising its stipend rates next Fall 99.  BU also
   did a study of rates at comparable schools before deciding on this
   raise.

   As for MIT, they seem to have pay scales that differ between
   departments (differences can be by up to 10%), but that the
   differences in pay are not considered a "problem" by students(?)

   --

   Because gathering pay rates at other schools has been slow and
   difficult AND because they would like to do more to serve student
   needs, they would like to expand into:

   - Promoting better mentoring.

     The national organization (NAGPS) and school GSO's around the
     country are concerned about improving student/advisor relations.
     One method, which Harvard's Grad Student Council implements, is
     to provide awards to good mentors.

     They will explore what they can do on this issue.

   - Grievances.

     They will research what kind of system is currently in place for
     grad student grievances at BU and see if improvements are needed.

   - Web pages.

     They will start a subpage under the GSO's main page (http://gso.bu.edu).
     They'll at least include pay rate info at other school.

   They will still continue to gather pay rate information.

   They are looking for a new name for this committee that better
   communicates their new goals.

   Healthcare Committee
   ====================

   Rob Pitts <rip@cs.bu.edu> reported for this committee.

   They've put some information on student health services fees at
   selected other school's (courtesy of Tufts Univ's Grad Student
   Council) on the Healthcare Pages (http://gso.bu.edu/healthcare/).

   The NAGPS's Healthcare Committee has solicited feedback on the set
   of questions that they want to use for their national survey.
   The GSO's Healthcare Committee is currently compiling their own
   suggestions on how to improve those questions.  Edits to the survey
   have an upcoming deadline, so this is their current high priority.

   Thereafter, the next projects include:

   - Write-up of assistance programs at Mass. General Hospital (MGH).

   - Write-up of Northeastern Univ's student insurance plan (apparently
     they also have a Chickering plan).  I.e., they'd like to review one
     more Chickering plan in prep for a possible Chickering brown bag
     lunch talk (currently, they've written up BU and Tufts Univ's
     Chickering plans).  Although they might get some of this information
     if Northeastern participates in the NAGPS Healthcare Survey, those
     results may not be ready in time.

   - Write-up of researched dental plans (mentioned at last meeting).

   -----

   A meeting attendee asked why Chickering seemed to be prevalent with
   some Boston schools.  They were not sure, but replied that BU and
   Tufts (both with Chickering plans) have similar campus health
   centers (e.g., without many specialists and services).  Harvard and
   MIT, which both have fairly full-service campus health centers, have
   Blue Cross Blue Shield insurance plans.

   Housing Committee
   =================

   Catherine Capuzzi <ccapuzzi@math.bu.edu> reported for this committee.

   They announced that they've made an appointment to talk to Off-campus
   Housing.

   -----

   Meeting attendees reminded them that a main goal should be to get
   Off-campus Housing to provide new students (before they arrive at
   BU) access to the Office's housing listings and that they shouldn't
   "take no for an answer" (i.e., it can be done!)

   Since Off-campus Housing might not be familiar with the technical
   details of granting access to students without accounts, it was also
   suggested that they talk to Information Technology (IT) before that
   meeting.  IT probably provides the technical support for maintaining
   Off-campus Housing's listings, and so, could suggest technical details
   of how new students could be given access and also might suggest who in
   Off-campus Housing would be best to talk to on this issue.

   Liaison Committee
   =================

   Gary Garber <ggarber@buphy.bu.edu> reported for this committee.

   Because he had to leave early, he mainly had time to report that
   Andrea White (Assoc. Dean Whitaker's assistant) asked to meet with
   him early next week (week of 2/8) to discuss next Fall's orientation.

   Anyone who has suggestions for orientation should send them to
   liaison@gso.bu.edu ASAP.  We still need volunteers to help plan
   orientation.

   He also reported that the graduate student lounge (location of our
   meeting) now has bookshelves.

   -----

   A meeting attendee who is a research assistance said they were able
   to take out a book for the whole semester (they had a shorter borrow
   period last semester).  It's not clear if this means the administration
   has improved the borrowing privileges for non-TF grads.

   Social Committee
   ================

   Cassandra Celatka <celatka@chem.bu.edu> reported for this committee.

   They've planned the first social event of the semester for 2/10/99.
   This will be a night out for grads at a local bar near BU.

   Posters will be placed around campus.  By the week of the event,
   information about it should be on the web site and should go out
   by e-mail.

   They still aren't sure whether the money we normally get for Pub Nights
   (to buy snacks) can be used for this off-campus event.

   They are considering other events, like bowling, for this semester
   (about one event per month).  A problem identified with bowling was
   that there aren't any 10-pin bowling lanes near BU.

   -----

   A meeting attendee suggested something like planning a ski trip over
   Spring Break, but they said that would be too ambitious for them this
   semester.

   Steering Committee
   ==================

   Several committee members were present.

   A meeting attendee suggested that as they write up constitution/bylaw
   articles, they do so in a word processor since it is then easy to
   export that document as a text file (for e-mail distribution) AND as
   HTML (for our web pages eventually).

   Their report consisted of a presentation/discussion of the articles
   in the "Constitution, Bylaws, etc." section below.

2. Cycle/Voting Procedures for Articles

   We fleshed out more details of the cycle of reviewing/voting on
   articles.  The cycle will consist of:

   1. The Steering Committee will send out initial recommendations on
      an article via e-mail.  Those on the mailing list are encouraged
      to send these to other grads in their dept.

   2. Steering will collect feedback via e-mail.

   3. We'll all discuss the article at a meeting and suggest changes.

   4. The Steering Committee will summarize the discussion and e-mail
      comments, and will provide a revised version by e-mail.  (Again,
      those on the mailing list are encouraged to send these to other
      grads in their dept.)

   5. We may have to go back to step #3 if serious concerns are raised
      by students.

   6. Vote on it.  Votes will be taken at meetings, plus they can be
      sent by e-mail before the meeting (we did not yet decide who will
      collect votes).

      If there is a general consensus, the article will pass.  If not,
      we did not yet decide whether we will require some sort of margin
      (like 9/10ths) or if we would use some other method to resolve
      the problem (like more discussion).

   Most importantly, we decided there should be time limits on how
   long we spend on each article so that we "move on."

   Note that these voting procedures will be used for voting on the
   constitution/bylaw articles--this is not necessarily how the GSO
   will vote on issues in the future.

3. Constitution, Bylaws, etc.

   Attendees discussed the list of "purposes" for the GSO and suggested
   some additions and edits.  The group also reviewed the types of
   formalization methods and agreed that not registering (with SAO),
   but still trying to collect a voluntary fee from grads, was the way
   to go.  Someone suggested finding out a little more about how GRS's
   administration views us ("Do they think of us as the official grad
   group for GRS?") and describe our and their views on how formal we
   are as an article in the constitution.

   The Steering Committee <steering@gso.bu.edu> will be summarizing
   this discussion, the e-mail feedback they received, and the
   suggested changes to these articles in a separate e-mail.

4. Other

   NAGPS Northeast Regional Conference
   -----------------------------------

   The National Assoc. of Graduate-Professional Students (NAGPS) -
   Northeast Region - has rescheduled its regional conference tentatively
   to April 9-11, 1999.  It is still to take place at Penn State.

   As for costs, we currently only know that the registration fees will
   be less than $20.  We don't yet know about the cost of accommodations.
   Of course, there will also be travel costs.

   Once we know more, we'll consider whether we can send a representative.

