Received: from web13002.mail.yahoo.com (web13002.mail.yahoo.com [216.136.174.12])
	by XXXXXXXX.XXXXXXX.XXX (8.12.5/8.12.5) with SMTP id g72FoPHo016407
	for <XXX@XXXXXXXX.XXXXXXX.XXX>; Fri, 2 Aug 2002 08:50:25 -0700 (PDT)
Message-ID: <20020802155025.95002.qmail@web13002.mail.yahoo.com>
Received: from [217.146.9.139] by web13002.mail.yahoo.com via HTTP; Fri, 02 Aug 2002 08:50:25 PDT
Date: Fri, 2 Aug 2002 08:50:25 -0700 (PDT)
From: richard riccado <lagacy456@yahoo.com>
Subject: VERY URGENT FUND TRANSFER 
To: XXX@XXXXXXXX.XXXXXXX.XXX
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Status: RO

3/5 RIDER HAGGARD
CLOSE, JO, BORG
SOUTH AFRICA.



               URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL)
        
      (RE:  TRANSFER OF ($ 152,000.000.00 USD  
     ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY TWO MILLION DOLLARS )  

Dear,

We want to transfer to overseas ($ 152,000.000.00 USD)
One hundred and Fifty two million United States
Dollars) from a Bank in Africa, I want to ask you to 
quietly  look for a reliable and honest person who
will be capable  and fit to provide either an existing
bank account  or  to set up a new  Bank a/c 
immediately to receive this money, even an empty a/c
can serve to receive this money, as long as you will
remain honest
to me till the end for this important business
trusting in  you and believing  in God that you  will
never let me down either now or in future.

I am richard  riccado, the Auditor General of a bank
in
Africa, during the course of our auditing  I  
discovered a floating fund  in an account opened in
the bank in 1990 and since 1993 nobody has operated on
this account again, after going through some old files
in the records I discovered that the owner of the
account  died without a [heir]  hence  the money is
floating and  if I do not remit this money out
urgently it will be forfeited for nothing. the owner
of this account is  Mr.  Magnus Leon, a foreigner, and
a sailor, and  he died,  since 1993. and  no other
person knows about this account or any thing
concerning it, the account has no other beneficiary
and my investigation proved to me as well that Magnus
Leon until his death was the manager  Magnus
Coy.(pty). SA.  

  
We will start the  first transfer with fifty two
million [$52,000.000] upon successful transaction
without any disappoint from your side, we shall
re-apply for the payment of the remaining  rest amount
to your account, 

The amount involved is (USD 152M) One hundred and
Fifty two million United States Dollars, only I want
to first transfer $52,000.000 [fifty two million
United States Dollar from this money into a safe
foreigners account abroad before the rest, but I don't
know any foreigner, I am only contacting you as
a foreigner because this money can not be approved to
a local person here, without valid international
foreign passport, but can only be approved to any
foreigner with valid international passport or drivers
license and foreign a/c  because the money is in us
dollars and the former owner of the  a/c  Mr.Magnus
Leon is a foreigner too, [and the money can only be
approved into a foreign a/c 

However, we will sign a binding agreement,  to bind us
together   I got your contact address  from the Girl
who operates computer,  I am revealing this to you
with believe in God that you will never let me down in
this business,  you are the first and the only person
that I am contacting for this business, so please
reply urgently so that I will inform you the next step
to take urgently. Send also your private telephone and
fax number including the full details of the account
to be used for the deposit.

I want us to meet face to face to build confidence and
to sign a binding agreement that will  bind us
together  before transferring the money to any account
of  your choice  where the fund will be safe. Before
we fly to your country for withdrawal, sharing and
investments.

I need your full co-operation to make this work fine.
because the management is ready to approve this
payment to any foreigner who has correct information
of this account, which I will give to you, upon your
positive response and once I am convinced that you 
are  capable  and will meet up with instruction of  a
key bank official who is deeply involved with me in
this business.I need your strong assurance that you
will never never let me down.

With my influence and the position of the bank
official we can transfer this money to any foreigner's
reliable account which you can provide with assurance
that this money will be intact pending our physical
arrival in your country for sharing. The bank official
will destroy all documents of transaction immediately
we receive this money leaving no trace to any place
and to build confidence  you can  come immediately  to
discuss with me face to face after which I will make
this remittance in your presence and three of us will
fly to your country at least two days ahead of the
money going into the account.

 I will apply for annual leave to get visa immediately
I hear from you that you are ready to act and receive
this fund in your account. I will use my position and
influence to obtain all legal approvals for  onward
transfer of this money to your account with
appropriate clearance from  the relevant  ministries
and foreign exchange departments.

At the conclusion of this business, you will be given
35% of the total amount, 60% will be for me, while 5%
will be for expenses both parties might have incurred
during the process of transferring.

I look forward to your earliest reply through my email
address. 

Yours,

richard riccado.












__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Yahoo! Health - Feel better, live better
http://health.yahoo.com

