Received: from gso.bu.edu (GSO.BU.EDU [128.197.60.71])
	by cs.bu.edu ((8.8.8.buoit.v1.0)/8.8.8/(BU-S-10/16/98-v1.0a)) with ESMTP id HAA27752;
	Sat, 21 Nov 1998 07:50:50 -0500 (EST)
Received: (from majordom@localhost)
	by gso.bu.edu (8.8.5/8.8.5/(BU-S-02/10/97-v1.0)) id HAA18393
	for info-list; Sat, 21 Nov 1998 07:50:36 -0500 (EST)
Received: from fserv2.bu.edu (root@FSERV2.BU.EDU [128.197.152.88])
	by gso.bu.edu (8.8.5/8.8.5/(BU-S-02/10/97-v1.0)) with ESMTP id HAA18389
	for <info@gso.bu.edu>; Sat, 21 Nov 1998 07:50:32 -0500 (EST)
Received: from 128.197.8.87 (PPP-83-3.BU.EDU [128.197.8.87]) by fserv2.bu.edu ((8.8.8.buoit.b5.ACS)/) with SMTP id HAA57568; Sat, 21 Nov 1998 07:50:24 -0500
Message-ID: <3656B679.62E9@acs.bu.edu>
Date: Sat, 21 Nov 1998 07:47:55 -0500
From: Frances Altvater <altvater@bu.edu>
Reply-To: altvater@bu.edu
X-Mailer: Mozilla 3.0 (Macintosh; I; PPC)
MIME-Version: 1.0
To: info@gso.bu.edu
Subject: GSO-Summary of Thurs. 11/19 mtg.
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Sender: owner-info@gso.bu.edu
Precedence: bulk
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Length: 8320
Status: RO

==========================================================================
Here is a summary of what we did at Thursday's Graduate Student
Organization meeting.  Since Rob was at the NAGPS Conference during
that meeting, it was run by Ann Walker <annw@bu.edu> with an e-mail
summary provided by Fran Altvater <altvater@bu.edu>.

Our next meeting will be on Thursday, December 3rd, 5-6:15pm; Assoc.
Dean Scott Whitaker will be attending that meeting, as discussed below.

--Fran

Summary
=======
1. Gareth Roberts <garethr@math.bu.edu> provided the group with flyers
for the next meeting so that we could post them.  He also provided the
blue summary flyers that we will try to distribute to all departmental
graduate groups and to department chairs in any department lacking a
group.

2. Committee Reports

   Funding Committee
   =================
No specific report was made although Gareth Roberts
<garethr@math.bu.edu>
mentioned that he would be attending several workshops at the NAGPS
conference on funding topics as part of our general fact finding.

   Healthcare Committee
   ====================
Denise Guillot <GuillotDM@aol.com> reported for this committee (with
some additional information from Rob Pitts <rip@cs.bu.edu> via e-mail).
Their group has a description of BU Health Services which will be
posted when the Chickering insurance plan research is complete.  She
added that they were currently researching information on dental
services and any leads would be appreciated.  They've already posted
information about an alternative dental plan called "Dentistry For
All".  Rob Pitts <rip@cs.bu.edu> will be gathering additional
information on healthcare at the NAGPS conference.  There was also
mention of this committee asking for some student feedback on the
Chickering insurance plan in the near future (to be included in their
insurance writeup that will be added to the "Healthcare Pages").

   Housing Committee
   =================

Catherine Cappuzzi <ccapuzzi@math.bu.edu> reported for this committee.
They met with Greg Wheeler of the Office of Rental Property
Management.   Doug Wright <jdoug@math.bu.edu> wrote up the information
and it is already on our web site.  They mentioned wanting to meet with
the other directors of housing options for grad students, like the
Office of Off-Campus Housing and the Office of On-Campus Housing.
They reported that On-Campus Housing was resistant to the idea of
meeting.
Discussion happened on the possibility of getting a comments field and
an archive of those comments attached to the Housing pages where folks
could post comments about helpful/unhelpful rental agencies and
agents.  As an archive we could simply date the responses, and weed
them out after a certain date so that the information could remain
somewhat current (with a minimum amount of work).  No discussion
followed as to whether anyone would follow this up in order to find out
feasibility or how to add it to the page.

   Liaison Committee
   =================

   Gary Garber <ggarber@buphy.bu.edu> reported for this committee.
Most of the discussion centered on the upcoming visit of the Dean.  See
below, after the committee reports.


   Social Committee
   ================

   Jen Wenner <wenner@bu.edu> reported for this committee.

Jen reported on the most recent Pub Night as being well publicized but
less well attended.  Discussion centered around the time of year as a
problem.  Fran Altvater <altvater@bu.edu> mentioned the possibility of
advertising in the BU Bridge for both meetings and Pub Nights for next
semester.  Unlike the Free Press who charges for announcements
(although at a reduced BU rate), the Bridge only requires that we send
our announcement to them at least two weeks before the event.  They
will also put in announcements of continuing semester events so once we
have a set schedule for the Spring, we can give it to them by fax or
e-mail (info on that is in the box on the calendar page).  We also
discussed the possibility that because Pub Night was a standard event
that we may be having trouble attracting people.  Jen pointed out that
their committee would need to have more people on it in order to plan a
different event and that until that occurs it was agreed that we should
concentrate her admirable efforts on the one successful event we can do
regularly to keep a strong presence.  Jen pointed to continuing
problems with the food requisition forms not getting to the right
people and will work to see that the bartenders are aware of our group
and its regular Pub Nights so that we can avoid this in the future.

   Steering Committee
   ==================

Kendra Carter <krosebor@chem.bu.edu> reported for this committee.

They met with Carlos from Harvard's Graduate Student Union.  It was a
positive meeting and they had good discussions on developing a good
working relationship with the administration, including a monthly
(regular) meeting with them so that both sides stay in touch.  Harvard's
GSU is funded by a voluntary fee assessed with administrative help
through their billing system.  Discussion of a similar system as
possibly useful for us; like the Health Services flyer, you would need
to return a form by a certain date if you were not going to accept the
charge.  In order to do this, we would need to sit down and brainstorm
a list of things which we offer for that voluntary fee so that folks
would feel they were getting something.  Harvard's GSU also has
representatives from each department, bolstering attendance and
participation with things like a luncheon with department heads to woo
them and eligibility for special travel grants (taken from the GSU
funds) for reps with perfect attendance.  They also discussed strategic
planning, like getting a definite number of graduate students,
developing a list of GSO services (much of which has been done), and
developing catchy phrases, ads, etc. for our flyers.  Getting the
administration to consider a start-up fee (in the $1000s) for
publication and ads would be extremely useful; further discussion was
tabled for time.

They also discussed our charter as not yet ready but should be ready
sometime next semester.

3. Discussion on Assoc. Dean Whitaker's Dec. 3rd meeting
        It was discussed that as flyers had already been made and the
event was being publicized already, the meeting would take place in our
room in MCS 135 (at 111 Cummington St.), but that we should probably
start meeting in the grad lounge so as to avoid the issue of "what'd
they
need a lounge for if they aren't going to meet there?"

        Most of the discussion centered on the agenda for next meeting
as those who had attended the NAGPS Conference would undoubtedly have
some things to report on and we weren't sure whether we should bring up
that the Conference discussed potentially inflammatory issues like
unionizing and unionizing as a form of fundraising.  Most of the group
came to the conclusion that as Dean Whitaker had requested to come to
our meeting, we should to some extent conduct ourselves as if it was a
normal meeting and that, in the case of our attending the NAGPS
Conference, the administration is aware of our participation.  It was
also discussed that both our regular Committee Reports and the NAGPS
report should be prefaced in a way that made it clear that most of
these activities are for fact gathering and not yet implemented as
policy.

        In general, we decided to begin with our regular Committee
Reports,
allowing time for questions on both sides.  Gary mentioned that from his
meetings with Dean Whittaker and Andrea White that he felt that they
would welcome discussion of concerns, like the funding increase; the
question of the Globe article's failure to mention our organization was
raised and decided that the question, if tactfully phrased, would be ok
to ask.  We steered away from presenting any formal "list of gripes" on
the theory that we didn't really presume to speak for every grad student
at this stage and that this could be construed as overwhelming and
hostile.  We voiced the idea that a meeting (perhaps once a semester)
with the administration to which all grad students were invited in a
very public way would be useful/positive; a similar meeting was held
this semester to discuss the university budget.


