Received: from rtpmail03.raleigh.ibm.com by synapse.raleigh.ibm.com (AIX 4.1/UCB 5.64/4.03-RAL)
          id AA18334; Wed, 7 May 1997 16:30:32 -0400
Received: from socks1.raleigh.ibm.com (socks1.raleigh.ibm.com [9.67.43.85])
	by rtpmail03.raleigh.ibm.com (8.8.5/8.8.5/RTP-ral-1.1) with SMTP id QAA30306
	for <niranjan@raleigh.ibm.com>; Wed, 7 May 1997 16:30:33 -0400
Received: from mail.fns.com by socks1.raleigh.ibm.com (AIX 4.1/UCB 5.64/RTP-FW1.0)
          id AA33308; Wed, 7 May 1997 16:30:24 -0400
Received: from dev14.fns.com by mail.fns.com (SMI-8.6/SMI-SVR4)
	id QAA16853; Wed, 7 May 1997 16:29:47 -0400
Received: by dev14.fns.com (SMI-8.6/SMI-SVR4)
	id QAA02705; Wed, 7 May 1997 16:29:48 -0400
Date: Wed, 7 May 1997 16:29:48 -0400
From: rxk@fns.com (Rajaraman Krishnan)
Message-Id: <199705072029.QAA02705@dev14.fns.com>
To: niranjan@raleigh.ibm.com
Subject: June 29th 1996 minutes
X-Mozilla-Status: 0001
Content-Length: 6319

>From owner-asha-tamasha@ds1.che.ncsu.edu Tue Jul  2 11:51 EDT 1996
Return-Path: <owner-asha-tamasha@ds1.che.ncsu.edu>
Received: from fns.com (ops1-fddi) by colossus.fns.com (5.0/SMI-SVR4)
	id AA21667; Tue, 2 Jul 1996 11:51:04 -0400
Received: from ecoult (ecoult.ncsu.edu) by fns.com (5.0/SMI-SVR4)
	id AA14392; Tue, 2 Jul 1996 11:49:14 +0500
Received: by ecoult (5.57/ECO NCSU/11/11/90)
	id AA10750; Tue, 2 Jul 96 11:40:36 -0400
Received: by che.ncsu.edu; (5.65/1.1.8.2/07Jun94-8.2MPM)
	id AA24826; Tue, 2 Jul 1996 11:38:15 -0400
From: Ravi Devarajan <sasr3d@unx.sas.com>
Message-Id: <199607021539.AA00230@tamarind.unx.sas.com>
Subject: Min. for meeting on 29june96 (fwd)
To: asha-tamasha@ds1.che.ncsu.edu
Date: Tue, 2 Jul 1996 11:39:05 -0400 (EDT)
X-Mailer: ELM [version 2.4 PL23]
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Sender: owner-asha-tamasha@ds1.che.ncsu.edu
Precedence: bulk
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=US-ASCII
Content-Length: 5348
Status: RO

> Minutes of the General meeting of ASHA-RTP
> June 29th 1996
> 
> ------------------------------------------------------------
> 
> I.  Updates of the Projects subcommittee
>              1. The projects subcommittee meeting had taken place prior to the
>              general meeting and the following decisions have been made.  
>		YES!!!!!!
>              A. We will continue to support the projects at Nauvbunker and
>              Rishsi valley.
>              B. ASHA will be able to support two more projects and there are
>              currently three candidates for such projects.
>              C. The two new projects will be  supported on a one time basis
>              instead of the long term commitment.
>         Action items for Projects subcommittee.
>              A. Determine which of the other two projects will be supported
>              B. Determine the exact nature and amount of support.
> 
> II. Updates of the Fundraising subcommittee.
>              1. Rajaram has been able to set up a schedule for the summer camp
>               project to be done in conjunction with the Hindu Society;  
>	 	A meeting and mail messages have resulted in the following.
>              A. ASHA will sponsor 3 events at the Hindu camp
>               a. Two 40 min. yoga sessions -
>               b. A message of hope where children at the camp will write 
>		letters to the children in one of the projects.
>               c. A Potpourri session where the children will participate in
>              different games.
>         Action Items for the Hindu camp
>              A. This week finalize ideas for exact events i.e. What games, to
>              whom should the letters be sent, how should they be written
>              B. Work/play sessions will be held nest week to complete the 
>		set up for the potpourri.  i.e. Make up treasure hunt clue 
>		set up puzzles. collect the required for the different games.
>   Volunteers Needed a couple of evenings next week to help set up the games.
> 
>             2. Penny drive  Not much progress has been made on the penny drive
>              a suggestion was made that the pennies collected for the games 
>		for the Hindu camp could be used to jump start the penny drive.
>                Ajay S. approached some of the Indian stores in Dhuram.Tthe
>              stores appeared willing but needed to see the
>               literature on ASHA to before allowing us to set up the jars.
>         Action Items for Penny drive
>              A.  Design and set up penny jars in the Indian stores
>              B. Get the requisite materials to the Indian stores.
> 
>              3. No new decisions were made in regards to the c -sponsorship
>              issue
>         Action items for Co-Sponsership issues
>              A. Write the guidelines that were determined at the previous and
>              make them available  to the ASHA volunteers.
> 
> III. Updates on the Publicity subcommittee.
>              1. The Publicity subcommittee has not had an opportunity to meet
>                 since the lst general meeting.
>         Action Items for the Publicity subcommittee
>              A. Set up a meeting of the publicity subcommittee
>              B. Send out thank you notes and calendars to people who gave Ads
>                 for Shidoree.
>              C. Determine strategies to publicize ASHA in local universities.
>                   a. Dipa Apte said she would help with Duke.
>              D. Determine strategies to publicize ASHA amongst Indian
>                 professionals in local triangle companies.
>                   a. i.e. soliciting local Indian lawyers, doctors and
>                      faculty to contribute to ASHA on a regular basis.
>              E. Look for corporate funding opportunities.
>              F. Write and send out the next newsletter.
>              G. Attempt to set up Pub spot ASHA on UNC-TV or Mrs. Garg's Show.
> 
> IV. Updates on the Fall fund-raiser
>              1. Mail messages were sent out to determine peoples interest
>                 and desires regarding the type of Fall fund-raiser we would 
>		  like to Present.  Using those replies as a basis and meeting
>                 discussion the following decisions were reached.
>              A. We should produce a Fall fund raiser.
>              B. The fall fund-raiser can be organized by ASHA, however  ASHA
>                 members' participation cannot be as extensive as in Shidoree.
>              C. The fund-raiser will include participation by Raj's group (s).
>                   a. this is musical which plays more modern dancing music.
>                   b. Inclusion of a fashion show as a main or break portion of
>                      this  program
>                   c. The type of food services (snacks while dancing or a
>                      proper sit down meal) was also discussed.
>         Action Items for Fall fund-raiser
>            A. Surveys will be posted this week July 1st-8th on ASHA-TAMASHA to
>               get more input and better develop some of the ideas presented.
>            B. Set up a meeting next week to solidify the ideas and decide on
>               the contents and nature of the show and food.
> ------------------------------------------------------------
> 
>   Anu
> 
> 



