Received: from rtpmail02.raleigh.ibm.com by synapse.raleigh.ibm.com (AIX 4.1/UCB 5.64/4.03-RAL)
          id AA18358; Wed, 7 May 1997 16:31:48 -0400
Received: from socks1.raleigh.ibm.com (socks1.raleigh.ibm.com [9.67.43.85])
	by rtpmail02.raleigh.ibm.com (8.8.5/8.8.5/RTP-ral-1.1) with SMTP id QAA21190
	for <niranjan@raleigh.ibm.com>; Wed, 7 May 1997 16:31:46 -0400
Received: from mail.fns.com by socks1.raleigh.ibm.com (AIX 4.1/UCB 5.64/RTP-FW1.0)
          id AA31946; Wed, 7 May 1997 16:31:42 -0400
Received: from dev14.fns.com by mail.fns.com (SMI-8.6/SMI-SVR4)
	id QAA16882; Wed, 7 May 1997 16:31:04 -0400
Received: by dev14.fns.com (SMI-8.6/SMI-SVR4)
	id QAA02714; Wed, 7 May 1997 16:31:05 -0400
Date: Wed, 7 May 1997 16:31:05 -0400
From: rxk@fns.com (Rajaraman Krishnan)
Message-Id: <199705072031.QAA02714@dev14.fns.com>
To: niranjan@raleigh.ibm.com
Subject: May 14th 1996 minutes
X-Mozilla-Status: 0001
Content-Length: 10719

>From owner-asha-tamasha@ds1.che.ncsu.edu Fri May 17 17:03 EDT 1996
Return-Path: <owner-asha-tamasha@ds1.che.ncsu.edu>
Received: from fns.com (ops1-fddi) by colossus.fns.com (5.0/SMI-SVR4)
	id AA26850; Fri, 17 May 1996 17:03:21 -0400
Received: from ecoult (ecoult.ncsu.edu) by fns.com (5.0/SMI-SVR4)
	id AA20694; Fri, 17 May 1996 17:01:03 +0500
Received: by ecoult (5.57/ECO NCSU/11/11/90)
	id AA22404; Fri, 17 May 96 16:52:34 -0400
Received: by che.ncsu.edu; (5.65/1.1.8.2/07Jun94-8.2MPM)
	id AA04382; Fri, 17 May 1996 16:51:30 -0400
From: Ravi Devarajan <sasr3d@unx.sas.com>
Message-Id: <199605172051.AA06032@tamarind.unx.sas.com>
Subject: Minutes of 14May96 meeting
To: asha-tamasha@ds1.che.ncsu.edu
Date: Fri, 17 May 1996 16:51:24 -0400 (EDT)
X-Mailer: ELM [version 2.4 PL23]
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Sender: owner-asha-tamasha@ds1.che.ncsu.edu
Precedence: bulk
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=US-ASCII
Content-Length: 9751
Status: RO

Folks,

Here are the minutes of the meeting that was held at our place.


************************************************************************
               Minutes of General Meeting of Asha-RTP
                     Tuesday, May 14, 8:00pm
                  Ravi & Meera's house, Cary, NC
************************************************************************

Attendees: Ajay, Ashwin, Anu, Dipa, Easwar, Farzana, Meera, Mona, Niranjan, 
           Paula, Pradeep, Prakash, Prashant, Rajaram, Ram, Ravi, Sailaja,
           Sumita, Supriya, Srinivas, Vasanthi
           
1. Introduction to Asha for new volunteers 
   Ravi gave a brief outline of Asha as a group and its objectives to the
   new volunteers Ashwin, Dipa and Farzana. Everybody introduced themselves
   for the sake of the new volunteers.

2. Shidoree (1996 fundraiser) feedback
   It was unanimously decided that from the overall feedback obtained 
   from the local community that this was a very successful show. 
   A few volunteers pointed out some issues that would help us in improving
   future fundraisers. Meera said she had heard that the Nautanki in the 
   program was too long. Supriya had heard from volunteers that Asha in 
   addition to providing refreshment snacks for onstage performers 
   during practise sessions should also take care of the volunteers helping 
   cook and organize. It was generally agreed that Asha volunteers should not
   have spread themselves out thin participating/performing in the show
   as well organizing the event. Also in future we should start four months 
   before the show date or have other people participate as performers, 
   thereby relieving Asha volunteers to concentrate on organizing the show.
   Rajaram mentioned that some of us had taken up too many tasks and should 
   have done a better job delegating responsiblities to others.

3. Update on funds raised thru Shidoree 
   Sandeep & Supriya had coordinated the ticket sales for the show. In 
   Sandeep's absence Supriya updated the group with the ticket sales. She 
   said she had still not received money from Venu, Paula, Prashant and Prakash. 
   Supriya said that the total collection thru ticket sales was ~$4500 and 
   with another $1000 coming from Ads in the brochure, the total money 
   raised was $5500. Easwar gave the expenses for food, brochures and other 
   misc. as ~$1400, which gave a net sum of approx. $4100 raised thru the 
   Shidoree program. Kudos to everybody.

4. Unfinished issues of fundraiser
     Settle any unpaid bills: Ravi handed out Claim Forms to all the people 
     who had outstanding expenses from the program. And asked others to tell
     the people who had not attended the meeting to do the same.

     Collect IOUs: Dilip who could not come for the meeting has some IOUs that
     he has to collect from some of the local stores who had put their Ads. in 
     the brochure. Easwar said he would pick them up if Dilip is unable to 
     do so.

     Document the program: Mita volunteered to make a scrap book of the program
     with intent of documenting the show. She said she would send a mail asking
     for appropriate stuff for the scrap book.

5. Ongoing and future fundraising activities
     Snacks sales at ICMD shows: Niranjan has volunteered to lead this ongoing
     fundraising activity. Vijay who did a great job of it in the past wished to
     step down. Niranjan gave a check ($118) to Ravi for the money raised thru 
     snacks sales at the last ICMDS program (Shivkumar Sharma Santoor concert).
     Ravi mentioned that ICMDS wanted to try out some other source for the task
     of selling snacks for their next concert and possibly alternate between 
     Asha and other sources in the future. Some of the volunteers at the 
     meeting were unhappy with this decision of ICMDS.

     Summer camp with Hindu Bhavan: Ravi mentioned that Hindu Bhavan wanted Asha
     to participate in their annual summer camp activity. Rajaram said he would
     take the lead and work out a program with them. 

     Possible Qawwali program in Summer. Farzana said she would check into it.

     Easwar said he had reserved Stewart Theatre for Sep 7 in Fall. Anu said
     Asha could do a full-fledged play for that day.

     Fall movies at NCSU: Everybody agreed that we should continue showing hindi
     movies at NCSU for free in the Fall semester. In fact it was also suggested
     that we do the same at Duke and UNC as well. Ravi mentioned that we could 
     get funds from NCSU student govt. for these kind of activities at NCSU. 
     It was pointed out that Asha should check with Prof. Taj about movies 
     since he was also showing them for free at these schools.

     Penny collection drive: Easwar said he would take the lead in starting the
     penny drive. Paula, Dipa and Ajay volunteered to help Easwar.

     Cosponsored programs with other local groups: Ravi brought up this 
     important issue of having guidelines for doing cosponsored programs with 
     other local organizations. It was decided to take this topic off-line to 
     the fundraising sub-committee meeting.

6. Projects committe update. 
     In Anuraag's absence Rajaram and Niranjan updated the group of what the 
     Projects sub-committee was planning to do. It was reiterated that anybody 
     who may have contacts to other organizations in India or in the US that 
     could give Asha a list of projects that needed support, should give
     the list to Anuraag who would compile them for the Projects sub-committee.
     It is imperative that the committee come up with a few more projects to
     support in the next few months, in addition to the 2 (Nabankur United Club
     and Rishi Valley Education Center) that we are currently supporting.

     Visit to Nabankur United Club: Paula, who visited Khajurdaha Nabankur 
     United during her India visit past winter, gave a first-hand account of 
     her experience at the Club. She also gave a printed report of her 
     experience to Ravi who will keep it as a record of the first visit of an 
     Asha-RTP volunteer to NUC. Paula had already given a written report with 
     financial records that the NGO had given to her, to Anuraag. After Paula 
     finished narrating her experience, people asked her relevent questions 
     with regard to the project. It was decided that in the next Projects 
     committee meeting an in depth analysis of the reports sent by Nabankur 
     United Club and Krishnamurti Foundation be made and a letter be sent 
     thanking them for the report. The sub-committee should make sure the money 
     being sent was being spent on appropriate items in compliance with Asha-
     RTPs objectives of basic education and health care.
 
     Checks to currently supported projects: Ravi gave 2 checks, addressed
     respectively to the 2 projects that Asha-RTP was supporting, to Ram 
     to take with him to India. Ram said he would mail them registered mail 
     with return receipt. He also wanted to know what else he could do
     for Asha while he was in India. Easwar suggested he get in touch with 
     Asha-Bangalore.

7. Asha RTP Board - a formality
   Ravi pointed out that even though Asha-RTP does not function in the 
   "formal style" that other organizations do, for the sake of NC State laws
   for non-profit organizations it was necessary that certain formalities of 
   paperwork were fulfilled, i.e. we need to have a 7 member board which
   is completely represented. The board as it stands has the following
   7 people on it - Dilip Bhatia, Ravi Devarajan, Govind Gawdi, Prakash Menon, 
   Anuraag Singh, Kanak Singh, Easwar Srinivasan. 

   A year back it was decided that the different volunteers coordinating the 
   different focus groups would be entrusted with added responsibility of being 
   board members. As per the minutes of that meeting (May 23, 1995) the 
   different people coordinating the different focus groups are:
   Projects - Anuraag Singh
   Fundraising - Easwar Srinivasan, Kanak Singh 
   Publicity - Dilip Bhatia, Prakash Menon (Newsletter)
   Administration - Govind Gawdi
   Treasurer - Ravi Devarajan

   Since Kanak has left we need a replacement for her. Anybody who would like
   to volunteer in her stead please do so. Also, Ravi would like somebody 
   else to take up the responsiblity of being the treasurer since he has 
   been one for the past 2.5 years. This issue needs to be resolved by the
   next general meeting.

************************************************************************
          Next Fundraising meeting : week of May 20
		* form guidelines for co-sponsorship - all present
		* progress of summer camp - Rajaram
                * progress on the qawwali show - Farzana
                * update on penny collection drive - Easwar
		* followup on the Shidoree scrap book - Mita
          Next Projects meeting    : week of May 27
		* Identify other likely projects to support - Anuraag
		* outline letters to the 2 projects - Anuraag & Guruvinder
                * Analyze reports sent by NUC & KFI - all present
		* dialogue on Asha's educational goals - all present
          Next Publicity meeting   : week of June 3
                * come up with strategies to publicize Asha in UNC, Duke
                  and local companies - all present
          Next General meeting     : week of June 10
************************************************************************

The sub-committee coordinators should arrange for the respective meetings.
If I have forgotten any other issues that need to be addressed in these
meetings and also missed something in the minutes, please let me know. 

Ravi


