Received: from GRAND-CENTRAL-STATION.MIT.EDU by po10.MIT.EDU (5.61/4.7) id AA09366; Wed, 16 Jun 99 15:31:52 EDT
Received: from melbourne-city-street.MIT.EDU (MELBOURNE-CITY-STREET.MIT.EDU [18.69.0.45])
	by grand-central-station.MIT.EDU (8.9.2/8.9.2) with ESMTP id PAA22628
	for <jcberk@mit.edu>; Wed, 16 Jun 1999 15:31:47 -0400 (EDT)
Received: from [18.70.1.53] (UA-1.MIT.EDU [18.70.1.53])
	by melbourne-city-street.MIT.EDU (8.9.2/8.9.2) with ESMTP id PAA16132
	for <jcberk@mit.edu>; Wed, 16 Jun 1999 15:31:47 -0400 (EDT)
Message-Id: <v03020905b38dac031e95@[18.70.1.53]>
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/enriched; charset="us-ascii"
Date: Wed, 16 Jun 1999 15:31:46 -0400
To: jcberk@mit.edu
From: Eric Schlemann <eschlema@MIT.EDU>
Subject: 11/3/97

<fontfamily><param>Times</param>

Meeting of the

<bigger>Undergraduate Association Council

</bigger>

MINUTES

Monday, November 3, 1997


I.	Call to Order


	Meeting called to order at 8:09 PM. Roll call by Floor Leader Paul
Oppold. Quorum met.


II.	Special Guest Associate Provost Phil Clay


	Phil Clay and Special Assistant to Associate Provost Helen Samuels
discussed the current state of development of the Student Information
Policy. They informed the Council that last year they had been asked to
examine issues of use of information on students. To help develop a
more effective policy, they reviewed the old policy, collected
information from various MIT departments, distributed lists of
discussion topics to various student and administrative groups, and
performed case studies.


	There were questions from the floor regarding the composition of the
Policy Oversight Committee suggested in the draft of the Student
Information Policy provided to the Council. Associate Provost Clay
emphasized that it was a working document. Ms. Samuels added that in
addition to informing the Council on the current state of the policy
development, they were asking the Council to seek input from
constituents and offer advice to Ms. Samuels or Associate Provost
Clay.


	Some specific cases were presented to Council by Ms. Samuels, and
discussion followed regarding these cases.


	Councilor Jeremy Sher stated that the problems in the second and third
cases could be solved by technological methods.


	UA President Dedric Carter advised that in any case of the release of
information, student permission should be solicited.


	Councilor Sher remarked on the difficulty of securing pre-frosh
information lists and matriculating student information lists.
Logistical concerns on higher security methods were cited by Phil Clay
as the reasons these methods have not been adopted yet.


	Councilor Jed Gordon noted that without the availability of certain
lists, housing operations for some living groups would be far more
difficult


	Following the case studies, Clay and Samuels reemphasized their
request for feedback, and offered contact information.


III.	Committee Reports


	a. <underline>Ad Hoc Committee on Alcohol Awareness

</underline>

	UA Vice President Sandra Sandoval informed the Council of current
publicity pursuits (LSC slides, use of UA bulletin boards) and stated
that a meeting with administrators was being planned. She also said
that the committee was talking with a theater group that performs skits
dealing with issues on alcohol, to consider either an MIT performance
or the development of an activity more appropriate for MIT.


	b. <underline>Class of 2001</underline>


	Class President Pamela Mukerji reminded the Council of the faculty
mixer co-sponsored by the UA and the class of 2001, to take place the
following day from 3 to 5 PM. A question from the floor was raised
about the results of the Big Bang. Class Social Chair Abby Pelcyger
fielded the question, noting that of 20 people who attended the
project, all were now serving on the frosh class council committees.


	Mukerji mentioned the possibility of a dance in December and a
Thanksgiving activity.


	c. <underline>Publicity Committee</underline>


	Edgar Martinez informed the Council of recent high attendance at the
Publicity Committee meetings, and noted that the committee is available
for Council and committee use. A question was raised from the floor
regarding the location of the UA advertisement in the Tech. Martinez
informed the Council that the UA advertisement in the Tech was to be
placed on the bottom of the 7th page of the Friday issues, and that
this spot had been reserved by "negotiation."


	d. <underline>Social Committee

</underline>

	June Kim informed the Council of the study break to be held on Tuesday
November 4th in Burton-Conner and encouraged councilors to attend. She
noted that surveys soliciting input on alcohol policy,
residence/orientation issues, and housing were to be handed out at this
study break.


	Floor Leader Oppold noted further that 15 study breaks were planned
for the coming week with the purpose of obtaining as much input as
possible from students regarding the aforementioned topics.


	

 e.<underline> Class of 2000</underline>

 

	Class President Elsie Huang announced an alliance with the class of
1998. She noted that both classes would be selling T-shirts together
soon. She further informed the Council of the possible masquerade ball
and definite internship fair next term. She noted that the apple
dipping on Halloween had gone well.


	f.<underline> Committee on Student Life</underline>


	Committee Chair Sunil Rao informed the Council of the committee's
division of labor on the individual aspects of the planned Battle of
the Classes. He further informed the Council that the committee planned
to bring together leaders from various student groups and that
"hopefully something good will come out of it."


	Other issues that were being considered by the CSL were quickstations
in dorms, possible purchase of a sound system for the UA, outdoor
basketball courts at MIT, and the resolution of the problems with
Amherst Alley.


	g.<underline> Student Committee on Educational Polic</underline>y


	Committee Co-chair Jeremy Sher informed the Council that the mailing
to undergraduates regarding faculty rules was underway. He further
informed the Council that funding for the undergraduate majors guide
was now uncertain.


	h.<underline> Special Assistants to the President on
Multiculturalism</underline>


	Zhelirentice Scott reported that they had reserved a room for every
Wednesday during January for the possible sponsorship of open
discussion on multicultural issues or perhaps a panel. She further
reported that other ideas were being considered, including a movie
night. Fielding a question for the floor, Scott noted that although the
Intuitively Obvious videos were a high priority, the most pressing
concern was planning the IAP activities.


IV. 	Consideration of Resolutions


	Dedric Carter informed the Council that a resolution expressing
condolences with regard to the death of Michele Michelletti would be
presented next meeting in order to not rush its composition.


	It was moved and seconded that UACR6 should be moved off the table.


	Floor Leader Paul Oppold yielded the chair to Vice Chair June Kim.


	Paul Oppold presented UACR6, A Resolution to Create an Elevated
Walkway. Council members noted that perhaps this topic was already
under the consideration of the Cambridge City Council and others.


	Friendly amendments were made regarding spelling. Motion to adopt
UACR6 as amended passed by hand tally 19-0-0.


	Vice Chair Kim yielded the chair to Floor Leader Oppold.


	Motion to move UACR4 (Suggested Amendments to the Faculty Regulations)
off the table was made and seconded.


	Resolution sponsor Jeremy Sher presented the resolution and fielded
questions about its motivation and specific statements.


	Discussion on the resolution focused around the necessity of Proposed
Amendment #1, while questions regarding the details of Amendments #2
and #3 were made.


	Motion to vote on the resolution was made and retracted.


	Councilor Sher proposed to divide the resolution into two parts, one
including Proposed Amendment #1 and another including Proposed
Amendments #2 and #3.


	Motion to adopt UACR4 with Proposed Amendments #2 and #3, as amended,
passed 16-1-0.


	UACR4 with Proposed Amendment #1 was tabled.


	Motion to move off the table UACR5 was made but not seconded. Floor
Leader Oppold informed the Council that he would be willing to
entertain another motion.


	Motion to move off the table UACR3 was made but not seconded. Floor
Leader Oppold informed the Council that he would be willing to
entertain another motion, including one to adjourn.


	Motion to move off the table UACR5 was made and seconded. Floor Leader
Oppold limited discussion on the resolution to 10 minutes.


	Comments were made regarding the universality of constituent desire
for the statements made in the resolution regarding housing.


	A friendly amendment to include the phrase "notwithstanding other
issues" in a whereas clause was accepted.


	Motion to adopt UACR5, as amended, passed 15-1-0.


V.	Minutes from October 20, 1997


	Motion to approve minutes passed.


VI.	Adjournment--Meeting was adjourned by Floor Leader Oppold at 10:05
PM.

</fontfamily>

########################################################

Eric Schlemann, Office Manager		(617) 253-2696

MIT Undergraduate Association		eschlema@mit.edu

W20-401					fax (617) 258-0306

77 Mass. Ave.

Cambridge, MA 02139

http://web.mit.edu/ua/www/index.html

########################################################


