Received: from GRAND-CENTRAL-STATION.MIT.EDU by po10.MIT.EDU (5.61/4.7) id AA10149; Wed, 16 Jun 99 15:34:16 EDT
Received: from melbourne-city-street.MIT.EDU (MELBOURNE-CITY-STREET.MIT.EDU [18.69.0.45])
	by grand-central-station.MIT.EDU (8.9.2/8.9.2) with ESMTP id PAA22942
	for <jcberk@mit.edu>; Wed, 16 Jun 1999 15:34:12 -0400 (EDT)
Received: from [18.70.1.53] (UA-1.MIT.EDU [18.70.1.53])
	by melbourne-city-street.MIT.EDU (8.9.2/8.9.2) with ESMTP id PAA16487
	for <jcberk@mit.edu>; Wed, 16 Jun 1999 15:34:11 -0400 (EDT)
Message-Id: <v03020907b38dac9e4313@[18.70.1.53]>
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/enriched; charset="us-ascii"
Date: Wed, 16 Jun 1999 15:34:11 -0400
To: jcberk@mit.edu
From: Eric Schlemann <eschlema@MIT.EDU>
Subject: 12/1/97

<fontfamily><param>Times</param>Meeting of the

<bigger>Undergraduate Association Council

</bigger>


MINUTES

Monday, December 1, 1997



I.	Call to Order


	Floor Leader Paul Oppold called the meeting to order at 8:07 P.M.
Quorum was met.


II.  	Committee and Class Council Reports

	

	a. <underline>Publicity Committee</underline> 

	

	Edgar Martinez updated the Council on progress with the newsletter
project and the hiring of the publicity assistant, and asked council
members to help distribute placards soliciting members for the Baker
Foundation.


	b. <underline>Class of 2001

</underline>

	President Pamela Mukerji informed the Council of the success of the
class' Thanks-giving event.  She also reported on the class newsletter,
the rescheduling of the Screw Your Roommate dance to February 13th (to
be preceded by a "Random Acts of Kindness" week), that all
undergraduates were invited to the Finals Breakfast to be held in Baker
Dining on December 12th, and that $1300 worth of canned goods were
donated by the Community Service Committee to area shelters.


	c. <underline>Class of 1999</underline>


	Secretary Nina Ma informed the Council that the class had put on a
study break the previous week.  She also updated the Council on the
class' projects including the spring career fair, the class outing to
the Boston Celtics game on February 4th, the ski trip to be
co-sponsored with the UA Social Committee, and plans for a possible
class newsletter.


	

 	d.<underline> Social Committe</underline>e 

	

	Co-Chair Stuart Jackson updated the Council on current projects
including the ski trip tentatively set for February 7th, a club night
planned for the last Thursday night of IAP, and the planning for Spring
Weekend.


	e.<underline> Committee on Student Lif</underline>e


	Seema Nagpal informed the Council that the Logan Airport shuttle would
be available for Wednesday through Friday of Finals Week.  She reported
that the committee is narrowing down events for the Battle of Classes
and that it is continuing its work on quickstations in dorms.


	f.<underline> Class of 200</underline>0


	President Elsie Huang informed the Council that the class was
continuing its work on the internship fair.


	g.<underline> Student Committee on Educational Polic</underline>y


	Co-chair Jeremy Sher reported on the following projects: the
undergraduate majors guide will probably be web-based, Faculty Rules
flyers encountered some delay in mail distribution, and the workshop on
grading was being planned for Thursday or Friday of reading period.


	h.<underline> Alcohol Awareness Committe</underline>e


	Chair Sandra Sandoval reported that the committee is working on
getting a speaker and is working with administrators in an effort to
coordinate on policy and information distribution.


III.	President's Report on Legislation


	President Dedric Carter began by requesting a formal report by the
committee chairs by the second week of IAP.  The report is to include
the list of the committee's charges, the chairs' interpretation of
those charges, where the committee is with those charges, and any
developments that may have changed the role of the original charges.


	Carter also informed the council of the MIT Education and
Technological Council's "seductive report" available in the UA office.


	UACR3, adopted by Council on November 17th, was signed and delivered
to Committee on Faculty Policy and the Faculty Chair, with an attached
statement of concern with regard to the time issue.


	UACR4, adopted by Council on November 3rd, was signed and delivered to
the Faculty Chair.


	UACR9, adopted by Council on November 17th, was signed and delivered
to the Faculty Chair.


	UACR5, adopted by Council on November 3rd, was signed and delivered.


	UACR10, adopted by Council on November 17th, was signed and read at
the Memorial Service by Sandra Sandoval.


	UACR6, adopted by Council on November 3rd, was signed.  Floor Leader
Paul Oppold intended to discuss the resolution with President Charles
Vest.  Carter attached a statement of concern, expressing support for
efforts already underway.


	UACB1, adopted by Council on October 20th, was signed.


IV.  	Executive Committee Nominations


	Accepting Nominations:


	Pamela Mukerji

	Ryan Pierce

	Seema Nagpal

	Kartik Mani

	Caroline Rhim

	Jeremy Sher


	Respectfully Declining Nominations:


	Patrick Kremer


V.  	Legislation


	Noting a different environment now then when the legislation was
originally presented, Councilor Sher moved to table indefinitely UACR7
and UACR8.  Councilor Sher further amended the motion to "let the
record show that the Council has full intent of taking them [UACR7 and
UACR8] off the table at a later date for full consideration."  Motion
passed 21-2-0.


	UACR4A, section of UACR4 addressing the optional problem set at the
end of the term, which included Suggested Amendment #1 of the original
resolution, was moved off the table.


	Discussion included questions about the purpose of the resolution, the
intent of the resolution, and the application of the resolution.
Councilor Seema Nagpal noted that the policy was not fair to some
professors.  President Carter suggested that the resolution's wording
should change to "no new testable material" instead of "no new
material". Sher accepted this change as a Friendly Amendment.


	Assistant Treasurer Jason Sharma expressed concern that the rules
could still be abused, to which Sher responded that he wanted to "let
the record show that" he "hopes it will hammer home [that] the
enforcement of these can go a lot further than it already goes."


	To Councilor Stuart Jackson's concern that "no new testable material"
may not be optimal for some classes, Sher responded that certain
classes could petition for a waiver of the rules through the Committee
on Academic Performance.


	Councilor Sher accepted a friendly amendment to change the word
"letter" to "spirit".


	Councilor Patrick Kremer noted that the resolution did not apply to
classes such as 6.041 which, instead of a final exam, had an exam on
the last day of class.  He stated that the resolution would probably do
a lot of good.


	Motion to pass UACR4A succeeded 15-1-2.


VI.	Good of the Order


	President Carter discussed MIT's efforts to figure out ways to be
"number one, instead of just another 'me too' school."  He encouraged
councilors to be introspective, "...reflect on what you think we're
doing, what you think we should be doing.  Bring up issues... 
Encourage others to learn about student government...  IAP is a good
time [to get involved]..."


	Carter further informed the Council of plans to hold UA "unplugged"
sessions, as well as workshops on writing legislation and the structure
of student government, during IAP.  He expressed his hopes of bringing
in alumni as well.


	Class of 2001 President Pamela Mukerji expressed serious concern over
the mail distribution problem at Next House.


	President Carter reiterated the need to keep UA Office Manager Lara
Duston informed of committee events/projects/etc.


	Student Advantage Cards still available in the UA office.


	Councilor Sher reminded the Council that he served as the UA appointee
to the Presidential Task Force on Student Life and Learning, and that
his role was to represent undergraduates.  He asked Councilors to bring
their views, as well as their constituents' views, to him.  He also
gave contact information.


	The appointment of Seth Bisen-Hersch as Election Commissioner was
approved 16-2-0.


VII.	Meeting adjourned at 9:20 P.M.  Happy Holidays to everyone.

</fontfamily>

########################################################

Eric Schlemann, Office Manager		(617) 253-2696

MIT Undergraduate Association		eschlema@mit.edu

W20-401					fax (617) 258-0306

77 Mass. Ave.

Cambridge, MA 02139

http://web.mit.edu/ua/www/index.html

########################################################


