Received: from GRAND-CENTRAL-STATION.MIT.EDU by po10.MIT.EDU (5.61/4.7) id AA10534; Wed, 16 Jun 99 15:35:24 EDT
Received: from melbourne-city-street.MIT.EDU (MELBOURNE-CITY-STREET.MIT.EDU [18.69.0.45])
	by grand-central-station.MIT.EDU (8.9.2/8.9.2) with ESMTP id PAA22505
	for <jcberk@mit.edu>; Wed, 16 Jun 1999 15:30:35 -0400 (EDT)
Received: from [18.70.1.53] (UA-1.MIT.EDU [18.70.1.53])
	by melbourne-city-street.MIT.EDU (8.9.2/8.9.2) with ESMTP id PAA15989
	for <jcberk@mit.edu>; Wed, 16 Jun 1999 15:30:34 -0400 (EDT)
Message-Id: <v03020904b38dabb80cd6@[18.70.1.53]>
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/enriched; charset="us-ascii"
Date: Wed, 16 Jun 1999 15:30:33 -0400
To: jcberk@mit.edu
From: Eric Schlemann <eschlema@MIT.EDU>
Subject: 11/17/97

<fontfamily><param>Times</param>

Meeting of the

<bigger>Undergraduate Association Council

</bigger>


MINUTES

Monday, November 17, 1997



I.	Call to Order


	Floor Leader Paul Oppold called the meeting to order at 8:06.


II.	Special Guest: Shawdee Eshghi, Undergraduate Representative to the
Committee on the First Year Program


	Shawdee Eshghi informed the Council that the purpose of the Committee
on the First Year Program was to examine issues relevant to freshmen.
She noted that the focus of this year was intended to be a review of
the Pass/No Record system, but that due to the unfortunate recent death
of Scott Krueger, the committee had shifted its focus to housing and
other issues.


	Eshghi informed the Council that she supported the committee's
recommendation that all freshmen be housed on campus. She noted that
she had lived in Baker for two years and then moved to sorority
housing. Her personal feeling is that there is no school spirit or
"sense of community" at MIT. Living groups come first for many
students, she said. If all freshmen were housed on campus, perhaps this
attitude would be changed and students would start putting MIT first.
This new attitude would bring about a greater sense of community.


	Eshghi further stated that "fraternities are not inherently bad." She
argued that a "delayed rush" would strengthen the Greek system because
only people who really wanted to pledge would actually do it.


	Eshghi noted that in order for a system housing all freshmen on campus
to be successfully implemented, a greater support network within the
dorms would have to be established. She said that there was a lot of
tension between students and faculty, and between students and
administrators. A support network which would involve more faculty and
more administrators could help to lessen this tension or remove it all
together.


	Eshghi informed the Council that the committee's recommendations were
based on various sources, including the Potter Report and a peer study
of institutions including the ivy leagues and large engineering
schools. She noted that among our peer institutions, no other school
allowed so many freshmen to move off campus.


	The floor was opened to comments and questions.


	In response to a question regarding the fact that some fraternities
may suffer severe financial loss if the freshmen housing program were
implemented, Eshghi noted that the sentiment among faculty members of
the committee is that those fraternities were "just going to have to go
under." Administrators and faculty, she said, feel that they are
addressing long term issues rather than short term concerns, and the
Institute will feel some huge disturbances as a result.


	Responding to a question regarding the implementation of the
recommendations, Eshghi said that it probably would not occur next
year, but that this was uncertain. She noted that it would not be a
simple matter of just moving the freshmen in.  A lot of details
including the support network still need to be worked out.


	Responding to a question regarding the possible loss of house
character due to randomized selection for freshmen, Eshghi noted that
student would still have the option to move from dorm to dorm. 
Further, she said, the upperclassmen who lived in the dorm would be
those who had wanted to live there; they would either have chosen to
stay after their freshmen year, or would have chosen to switch to that
particular dorm after their freshmen year.


	Councilor Jeremy Sher commented that he was highly concerned that the
committee did not go out and solicit student input. He stated that the
recommendations had been given "without having done adequate research."
He further stated that there were issues that probably had not been
considered because the committee had tried to address the overall
issues in such a short time. Eshghi responded that the committee's
recommendations were not protocol, and that due to the composition of
the committee, a great deal of input from freshmen had actually been
considered.


	Floor Leader Paul Oppold closed discussion on the topic, and Shawdee
Eshghi provided contact information.


III.	Class Council and Committee Reports


	Committee reports were tabled until later in the meeting.


	a. <underline>Class of 2001

</underline>

	President Pam Mukerji informed the Council of an event to be sponsored
by the class on November 24, 1997, in Walker Memorial. She noted that
it was a Thanksgiving event which would include vast amounts of food
and that in addition the class was flying in Mary Shmich from Chicago
to give an inspirational address. Mukerji further noted that it was an
effort to remind students of what Thanksgiving is truly for, upon which
Floor Leader Oppold noted that he thought, "It's all about watching
football."


	Mukerji also informed the Council of a finals breakfast to be held in
Baker Dining on December 12th from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. and that everyone
is invited.


	b. <underline>Class of 2000</underline>


	Vice President Riffat Manasia informed the Council of the recent
projects performed by the class and that the internship fair had now
become a joint effort by all the classes. She also mentioned a possible
official sophomore skip day.


	c. <underline>Class of 1999

</underline> 

	Junior class member Paul Oppold informed the Council of the class's
effort to have monthly study breaks. He also noted that the class is
sponsoring a day with the Boston Celtics on February 4, 1998 and that
the tickets would cost between $10 and $15. He also stated that the
class was planning a ski trip and "pre-end-of-the-millennium" party.


	d. <underline>Class of 1998

</underline>

	Speaking on behalf of President Sal Khan, Floor Leader Oppold informed
the Council that the class of 1998 was endeavoring to encourage class
participation in events and that every Friday that class was giving
away free food.


	e. <underline>Special Assistants for Multiculturalism


</underline>	Zhelerentice Scott informed the Council that they had
reserved a room for IAP and they were now writing a proposal. She noted
that they were still in the information gathering stage, but that they
were planning a possible symposium and lecture series for IAP.


IV.	Legislation


	FY97-UACR9, A Resolution to Oppose Randomized Housing for Freshmen,
was moved off the table. East Campus Representative Ryan Pierce,
sponsor of the resolution, presented it.


	Councilor Jed Gordon asked to friendly amend the resolution by
replacing "dormitories" with "living groups." The amendment was
accepted as friendly.


	Councilor Jeremy Sher asked if it would be possible to include a
statement regarding the "rejection" of the Potter Report, but Councilor
Pierce responded that the resolution was left purposefully vague and
that it was primarily an effort to voice student opinion. The amendment
was not accepted.


	Motion to pass FY97-UACR9 as amended succeeded 15-0-2.


	FY97-UACR10, A Resolution of Condolence in Honor of Michele Micheletti
was moved off the table. The resolution was presented by Undergraduate
Association Vice President Sandra Sandoval.


	Motion to pass FY97-UACR10 succeeded 17-0-0.


	FY97-UACR8, A Resolution to Establish One Single Undergraduate Student
Government, was moved off the table. Floor Leader Oppold yielded the
chair to Vice Chair Proxy Stuart Jackson and then presented the
resolution. He argued that students needed a "black box" that they
could go to for services, a place where they knew their concerns could
be addressed. He noted that although the current system was not broken,
it could be changed to enrich the way in which students are served.


	UA Vice President Sandra Sandoval began her comments by stating that
the USG was a "commendable goal." However, she stated that she felt it
was more important to build on the UA. She noted that we have a system
which could possibly work and that it would be difficult to start over
from scratch. She further noted that the various student governments
that exist now serve their own purpose. She voiced her concern that the
UA's passing of this resolution could seem "presumptuous" to the other
student governments.


	Sandoval suggested that further research and discussion on how the
increase communication between the Interfraternity Council, the
Dormitory Council, and the Undergraduate Association would be the most
appropriate course of action.


	Council Sher echoed Sandoval's concern, stating that it would perhaps
not be optimal to pass the resolution now, and that discussions and
research along with the IFC and DormCon would be a good way to go.


	Oppold responded by arguing that one of the purposes of this
resolution was to bring about debate, discussion and research on the
topic. He stated that the timeline on the USG was not set; that it
could be 4 years or it could be 10 years. He argued that a USG would
help reduce the internal mistakes that can be made by having separate
student governments as it is right now.


	Council Jed Gordon expressed his enthusiasm for the possibility of
having unity and a student government that "does something and is
important."


	A question was raised from the floor regarding the sentiments of IFC
and DormCon about this resolution. President Dedric Carter responded
noting that although IFC President Iddo Gilon did support the idea of
more united student governments, he did not support USG. Carter also
stated that he had been unable to contact DormCon about USG.


	It was moved and seconded to amend the resolution such that it
resolved to "investigate the establishment of the USG." Floor Leader
Oppold noted that he would be opposed to such an amendment because this
was already stated in the resolution. Councilor Sher stated that it
would probably be best to table FY97-UACR8 and offer a new resolution
for the sole purpose of sparking discussion.


	The previous motion to amend the resolution was withdrawn. Motion to
establish a new resolution that would call for exploring the option of
a USG was made but not seconded.


	Motion to table FY97-UACR8 succeeded 10-4-1.


	Vice Chair Proxy Stuart Jackson yielded the chair to Floor Leader
Oppold.


	FY97-UACR3 was moved off the table. The resolution was presented by
Burton-Conner Representatives Michelle Hardiman and Meagan Pitts.


	Concerns were raised by Councilors Jeremy Sher, Pamela Mukerji, et al
regarding the statement in the resolution calling for an expanded
non-academic period from 4:30 to 7:30; specifically, that the time of
4:30 would cause classes usually offered from 4 to 5 to be canceled.
Councilors Pitts and Hardiman accepted a friendly amendment that
changed the times called for from "4:30 p.m. to 7:30 p.m." to "5:00
p.m. to 8:00 p.m."


	Motion to pass FY97-UACR3 succeeded 11-0-2.


V. 	Committee Reports


	a. <underline>Ad Hoc Committee on Banking</underline>.


	Committee Chair Chris Lin passed out surveys to councilors to be
distributed to their respective dorms.


	b. <underline>Student Committee on Educational Policy</underline>


	Committee Co-Chair Lou Nervegna informed the Council that the
committee was in the process of mailing students the flyer "Faculty
Rules You Should Know."


	c. <underline>Committee on Student Life</underline>


	On behalf of Committee Chair Sunil Rao, Floor Leader Oppold informed
the council that the Battle of the Classes was set for April 4th, 1998.
He also informed the Council that the committee was working on
increasing the number of Athena Quickstations, including installing
them in the dorms, and that the Logan Airport Shuttle was being planned
to run from Wednesday to Friday of Finals Week.


	d. <underline>Publicity Committee</underline>


	Committee Chair Edgar Martinez informed the Council that the committee
was planning on hiring a publicity assistant to help distribute posters
and other publicity agents. He informed the Council that the committee
was working on a newsletter to be sent out to all undergraduates.
Publicity Committee member Susan Yan informed the Council that she was
charged with developing the UA Banner and welcomed any input that
Councilors could offer.


	e. <underline>Social Committee</underline>


	Committee Co-chair Stuart Jackson informed the Council that the
committee was planning a ski trip and a study break in Baker.


	f. <underline>Ad Hoc Committee on Alcohol Awareness</underline>


	Sandra Sandoval informed the Council that the committee was planning
on running another slide at LSC movies. She also informed the Council
that the committee was still working on a proposal to bring in a famous
speaker and to have symposiums or seminars focusing on alcohol policy.


VI.	Good of the Order


	Floor Leader Oppold reminded the Council about the Kaplan Scholarship
being offered by the UA and noted that councilors should inform their
constituents about this opportunity.


	Sandra Sandoval informed the Council that the UA had received around
200 Student Advantage Cards and that they were available to
councilors.


	Dedric Carter informed the Council that the faculty meeting would be
on Wednesday at 3:15 p.m. in 10-250. He stated that although only a
certain group of students could speak at the meeting, the meeting was
open to "everybody."


VII.	Meeting adjourned at 10:09 p.m.


</fontfamily>

########################################################

Eric Schlemann, Office Manager		(617) 253-2696

MIT Undergraduate Association		eschlema@mit.edu

W20-401					fax (617) 258-0306

77 Mass. Ave.

Cambridge, MA 02139

http://web.mit.edu/ua/www/index.html

########################################################


