Received: from GRAND-CENTRAL-STATION.MIT.EDU by po10.MIT.EDU (5.61/4.7) id AA11757; Wed, 16 Jun 99 15:39:24 EDT
Received: from melbourne-city-street.MIT.EDU (MELBOURNE-CITY-STREET.MIT.EDU [18.69.0.45])
	by grand-central-station.MIT.EDU (8.9.2/8.9.2) with ESMTP id PAA23618
	for <jcberk@mit.edu>; Wed, 16 Jun 1999 15:39:20 -0400 (EDT)
Received: from [18.70.1.53] (UA-1.MIT.EDU [18.70.1.53])
	by melbourne-city-street.MIT.EDU (8.9.2/8.9.2) with ESMTP id PAA17254
	for <jcberk@mit.edu>; Wed, 16 Jun 1999 15:39:20 -0400 (EDT)
Message-Id: <v03020909b38dadbd8688@[18.70.1.53]>
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/enriched; charset="us-ascii"
Date: Wed, 16 Jun 1999 15:39:19 -0400
To: jcberk@mit.edu
From: Eric Schlemann <eschlema@MIT.EDU>
Subject: 2/9/98

<fontfamily><param>Times</param>Meeting of the

<bigger>Undergraduate Association Council

</bigger>


MINUTES

Monday, February 9, 1998



I.	Call to Order


	Floor Leader Paul Oppold called the meeting to order at 8:03 P.M.
Quorum was met.


II.  	State of the UA Address


	The State of the UA Address was delivered by UAP Dedric Carter. Carter
emphasized a return to first principles, noted the tremendous amount of
work that has been done to reach this point, and called on the UA to
"not park here," but instead to keep working hard. Carter highlighted
the progress made by each of the various committees and the council in
general. Carter also stressed the achievements of the UA Banking
Committee and the Multiculturalism Planning Committee. Carter called
upon the MIT administration to employ what he called "Shakespearean
decision making," to decide what is To Be and what is Not To Be.


III.	Election Commission


	Election Commissioner Seth Bisen-Hersh informed the council that
petitions for candidacy are due in the UA office by 5:00 P.M.,
Wednesday, February 25th. The candidate campaigns rules meeting is set
for Saturday, February 28th, at 3:00 P.M.


	Chris Smith '00, Rashni Khari '00, and Angela Ni '00 were approved by
the council as members of the Election Commission. The council also
approved the appointment of Edgar Martinez '01 as member ex-officio.


	Carter informed the council that a web-based voting system test would
be run in coming days, and that further information on how to
participate would be provided to the councilors. He emphasized the need
for participation in this test.


 IV.	Executive Committee Elections


	Seema Nagpal, June Kim and Ryan Pierce accepted nominations for Vice
Chair. Jeremy Sher respectfully declined a nomination.


	June Kim was elected Vice Chair.


	Nathaniel Grier and Jed Gordon respectfully declined nominations to
the Executive Committee. Accepting nominations were Pamela Mukerji,
Seema Nagpal, Ryan Pierce, Karthik Mani, Caroline Rhim, Jeremy Sher and
Chris Smith.


	Pamela Mukerji, Seema Nagpal, Ryan Pierce and Jeremy Sher were elected
to Executive Committee.


V.	Committee and Class Council Reports


	a.	Publicity Committee


	Edgar Martinez reported that over IAP, the Publicity Committee has
undergone significant refining. Internal guidelines were developed, and
publicizing guidelines have been issued to the council for the purpose
of insuring efficiency. In addition, over IAP the role of Publicity
Assistant was developed and refined. The addition of Publicity
Assistant has made a tremendous impact on the effective implementation
of publicity.


	b.	Student Committee on Educational Policy


	Chair Jeremy Sher reported that over IAP, SCEP held a workshop on
grading policy. He also reported that he met with the Institute
Committee on Academic Performance, and that CAP is interested in
working with SCEP to review evening exams. Sher reported that the
co-chair of the committee, Lou Nervegna, has stepped down, and noted
his superior service. In addition, Sher stated that the committee plans
to try to have its members take on individual projects.


	c.	Student Life


	Chair Sunil Rao reported that the committee has made significant
progress on the Battle of the Classes and is now in the process of
narrowing down ideas.


	d.	Social Committee


	Co-chair June Kim reported on the success of the UA Ski Trip. She also
noted that on Registration Day, the committee gave away 30 gallons of
orange juice and over 1000 doughnuts in less than 2 hours. Kim also
reported that the committee is looking for a band for Spring Weekend,
and that at the time of the meeting 1000 people had filled out the
Heart-to Heart matchmaker questionnaire. The goal was to beat last
year's number of 1284 participants.


	e.	Ad Hoc Committee on Alcohol Awareness


	Chair Sandra Sandoval reported that the committee was continuing its
work on developing LSC slides and also on finding a famous guest
speaker to visit MIT in April. Possibilities included Robin Williams
and Jodi Foster. The topic of the talk given by the speaker would
likely not be alcohol directly, but instead something that would help
to bring about a sense of community.


	f.	Class of 2001


	The freshmen class again showed everyone up. Class President Pamela
Mukerji reported on the success of finals breakfast, and indicated that
the council planned to host another breakfast in the spring. Further,
Mukerji reported on the progress of the Hot Stuff Study Break, the
Class Picnic (slated for April 24th), Random Acts of Kindness, weekly
outings to shelters sponsored by the class Public Service Committee,
the establishment of the Class of 2001 website, the proposition of
interim grade reports for freshmen, the development of the Study Buddy
Network, and the development of the Brutally Honest Guide to the First
Year at MIT. In addition, Mukerji reported that the class had sold 350
class t-shirts, had planned a class outing to a Red Sox game, that the
Publicity Committee was publishing its third newsletter, and that the
class Student Life Committee was working  on setting up a freshmen
class siblings network.


VI.	Treasurer's Report


	UA Treasurer Teresa Raine reported that the Finance Board is
undergoing internal restructuring; two members have been lost, and a
new Vice Chair has been elected. Raine indicated her concern for the
FinBoard, and noted that anyone who is interested in becoming a member
should contact her to get a description of the board and of membership.
Raine further indicated her concern because it will soon be a busy time
for the board, with three allocations approaching.


VII.	Good of the Order


	Vice President Sandra Sandoval asked council members to come to the UA
office and call companies to help confirm their participation in the
upcoming interclass career fair.


	UAP Dedric Carter informed the council that he was planning a "Why
Legislation?" workshop soon.


VIII.	Meeting adjourned at 9:40 P.M. 

</fontfamily>

########################################################

Eric Schlemann, Office Manager		(617) 253-2696

MIT Undergraduate Association		eschlema@mit.edu

W20-401					fax (617) 258-0306

77 Mass. Ave.

Cambridge, MA 02139

http://web.mit.edu/ua/www/index.html

########################################################


