Received: from GRAND-CENTRAL-STATION.MIT.EDU by po10.MIT.EDU (5.61/4.7) id AA12207; Wed, 16 Jun 99 15:40:47 EDT
Received: from melbourne-city-street.MIT.EDU (MELBOURNE-CITY-STREET.MIT.EDU [18.69.0.45])
	by grand-central-station.MIT.EDU (8.9.2/8.9.2) with ESMTP id PAA23408
	for <jcberk@mit.edu>; Wed, 16 Jun 1999 15:37:50 -0400 (EDT)
Received: from [18.70.1.53] (UA-1.MIT.EDU [18.70.1.53])
	by melbourne-city-street.MIT.EDU (8.9.2/8.9.2) with ESMTP id PAA17008
	for <jcberk@mit.edu>; Wed, 16 Jun 1999 15:37:49 -0400 (EDT)
Message-Id: <v03020908b38dad6571d4@[18.70.1.53]>
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/enriched; charset="us-ascii"
Date: Wed, 16 Jun 1999 15:37:49 -0400
To: jcberk@mit.edu
From: Eric Schlemann <eschlema@MIT.EDU>
Subject: 2/23/98

<fontfamily><param>Times</param>Meeting of the

<bigger>Undergraduate Association Council

</bigger>


MINUTES

Monday, February 23, 1998



I.	Call to Order


	Floor Leader Paul Oppold called the meeting to order at 8:00 P.M. Roll
Call included the introduction of new members.


II.  	Special Guest: Coordinator of Student Programs Elizabeth
Cogliano


	Coordinator of Student Programs Elizabeth Cogliano began her
presentation by stating her role in orientation. She serves to advise
associate advisors, carries out the schedule, and implements the will
of the administration in Orientation.  Cogliano distributed copies of a
tentative 1998 Orientation Schedule and discussed the schedule with the
councilors.


	Cogliano highlighted some of the new events in next year's
orientation, such as Freshmen Exploration--which she described as a
"mini IAP"--and explained some of the refinements being made to
traditional events.  Councilors noted some concerns about Residence
Midway, especially about the allocation of living group space; Cogliano
suggested that a group of students would probably be able to deal well
with allocating space.


	In response to a question about mailings to the Freshmen class,
Cogliano explained this year's mailing time tables.  For the April 1st
mailing, "residence sheets" will be included.  For the May 1st mailing,
the freshmen handbook and the Residential Guide will be included. 
Toward the end of May, there will be a mailing that includes all of the
FSILG books and a card that allows Freshmen to be in contact with
upperclassmen.  The June mailing will include information on Freshmen
advising, the essay evaluation, and the math diagnostic practice
material, as well as other academic information. Finally, the July
mailing will include activities and athletics materials. Cogliano
informed the Council that Phil Bernard was in charge of determining the
allocation of space in the Residential Guide.


	Cogliano answered questions about becoming an associate advisor, and
then addressed a question about a unifying event taking place after
residence selection by responding that she felt that the Thursday night
Kresge event would probably be this event. There was a suggestion from
the floor to add a "mixer type event" to which Cogliano noted her
concern that such events would require upperclassmen encouraging
freshmen to attend.  She noted that for events to be successful, they
had to "catch everybody."



III.	Special Recognition Presentation


	UA President Dedric Carter presented Certificates of Recognition to
Former Co-Chair of the Student Committee on Educational Policy Louis
Nervegna and Former Chair of the Ad Hoc Committee on Banking Chris Lin
for "...fine and dedicated service..."


IV.	Committee and Class Council Reports


	Student Committee on Educational Policy


	Chair Jeremy Sher noted Pamela Mukerji's work on the Undergraduate
Majors Guide and stated that right now the primary obstacle to its
completion was funding.  Sher also informed the council of the current
term's projects: working with faculty committees, engaging the task of
insuring proper evening exams, and backing up the Baker Foundation. 
Sher also informed the Council that of the 6 current members on SCEP, 4
are new.


	Committee on Housing and Residence/Orientation


	Co-chair Ryan Pierce informed the council of the freshly revived
committee, explained the purpose of the committee, and noted that there
would be a "lot of work" to do soon.  He stated that the committee
would focus on gathering student opinion and would try to be at the
forefront of deadline decisions for Orientation programs.  He also
stated that he felt the committee was likely to take a significant role
in determining the finer details of Orientation 98.


	Committee on Student Life


	Chair Sunil Rao commented on the progress of Battle of the Classes,
quickstations in dorms, and insuring that Logan Airport Shuttle runs
effectively this term also.  Rao also informed the council that he is
looking for new members and new ideas for the committee because these
would help the committee make some headway.


	

 Publicity Committee

	

	Chair Edgar Martinez informed the council that although the "publicity
machine" is in place, there is a need for new members to help it run
well. He also presented the council a suggested formal logo for the
Undergraduate Association, and presented the current idea of developing
a less formal "comic book type character" as another publicity tool.


	Social Committee


	Co-chair Stuart Jackson informed the council that the committee is
steadily working toward a successful Spring Weekend.


	Multiculturalism


	Special Assistant to the President on Multiculturalism Rich Rosalez
informed the council of the group's effort at establishing itself as a
permanent UA committee.  He also informed the council of the planned
Martin Luther King, Jr. Vigil on April 4th.


	Ad Hoc Committee on Alcohol Awareness


	Chair Sandra Sandoval informed the council that the committee is in
search of new members and is continuing its work toward getting a
famous speaker.


	Class of 2000


	Class President Elsie Huang reported that the class is continuing to
sell T-shirts and reminded the Council that the interclass career fair
would be held on 6 March.


	Class of 2001


	Class President Pamela Mukerji informed the council on current
projects: freshmen interim grade reports, the Brutally Honest Guide to
Freshmen Classes, community service trips, and the development of the
Big Sibling system.


V. 	Election of UA Representative to Finance Board


	Jason Sharma '00 respectfully declined nomination. Shane Suehisa '01
and Ashok Chander '00 accepted nominations. Ashok Chander was elected
to be UA Rep to Finboard.


VI.	Conflict Resolution Tribunal


	UA President Dedric Carter presented to the council a plan for a
Conflict Resolution Tribunal, an entity of the UA empowered to address
matters of judicial concern.  Motion to allow the Executive Committee
to decide on Judicial Affairs, including whether to implement the CRT
was passed. The nomination of Edgar Martinez '00 as Acting Commissioner
on Judicial Affairs was approved.


VII.	Good of the Order


	Seema Nagpal informed the council that LeaderShape applications were
due March 6th.


	Floor Leader Paul Oppold encouraged all councilors to join
committees.


	President Dedric Carter informed the council that he had office hours
available, and that if enough people were interested, he would hold a
workshop on legislation.


VIII.	Meeting adjourned at 9:37 PM.

</fontfamily>

########################################################

Eric Schlemann, Office Manager		(617) 253-2696

MIT Undergraduate Association		eschlema@mit.edu

W20-401					fax (617) 258-0306

77 Mass. Ave.

Cambridge, MA 02139

http://web.mit.edu/ua/www/index.html

########################################################


