Received: from GRAND-CENTRAL-STATION.MIT.EDU by po10.MIT.EDU (5.61/4.7) id AA13403; Wed, 16 Jun 99 15:44:39 EDT
Received: from melbourne-city-street.MIT.EDU (MELBOURNE-CITY-STREET.MIT.EDU [18.69.0.45])
	by grand-central-station.MIT.EDU (8.9.2/8.9.2) with ESMTP id PAA24252
	for <jcberk@mit.edu>; Wed, 16 Jun 1999 15:44:36 -0400 (EDT)
Received: from [18.70.1.53] (UA-1.MIT.EDU [18.70.1.53])
	by melbourne-city-street.MIT.EDU (8.9.2/8.9.2) with ESMTP id PAA17974
	for <jcberk@mit.edu>; Wed, 16 Jun 1999 15:44:35 -0400 (EDT)
Message-Id: <v0302090cb38daefed206@[18.70.1.53]>
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/enriched; charset="us-ascii"
Date: Wed, 16 Jun 1999 15:44:34 -0400
To: jcberk@mit.edu
From: Eric Schlemann <eschlema@MIT.EDU>
Subject: 4/13/98

<fontfamily><param>Times</param>

Meeting of the

Undergraduate Association Council


MINUTES

Monday, April 13, 1998



I.	Call to Order


	Floor Leader Paul Oppold called the meeting to order at 8:10 PM. 
Quorum was met.


II.	Special Guest:  Stuart Jackson, Co-Chair, Spring Weekend


	Stuart Jackson updated the Council on Spring Weekend events.  He
stated that Spring Weekend is a joint project between the UA and Campus
Activities Complex, and that work has been done on Spring Weekend since
fall.


	The events set for Spring Weekend include (MIT/Wellesley College ID's
required):


	Thursday, April 23:	8-10 PM: <italic>UA Study Break</italic>, Lobdell


	Friday, April 24:	10 AM-6 PM: <italic>I-Fair</italic>, Kresge Oval

				7-11 PM: <italic>Spring Concert</italic>, Johnson, All college ID's
						accepted, $8 ticket sold at The Source, $10 at door;
						performers include Maceo Parker, Fishbone, and Five 					Fingers
of Funk. Information at x3-2501


	Saturday, April 25:	11 AM-12 PM: <italic>Senator Kerry</italic>

				12 PM: <italic>East Campus Picnic</italic>

				2-6 PM: <italic>Amherst Alley Rally</italic>,  DJ, WBCN; Carnival
Games

				2-3 PM: <italic>Whopper Eating Contest</italic>, Student Center
Steps

				3-6 PM: <italic>Alpha Phlea Market</italic>, Student Center Steps

				8-11 PM: <italic>Mr. Spring Weekend</italic>, Walker

				8 PM-1 AM: <italic>ATO Bachelor Auction</italic>, Dance Party,
Lobdell, 					All college ID's accepted


 III.	Committee and Class Council Reports


	Publicity Committee


Committee member Chris D. Smith asked the Council to offer comments on
the UA Web Page, which has recently been updated. He informed the
Council that the Web Page now includes sites with updated UA minutes
and on-line NomComm Institute Committee applications.  He further
informed the Council that the Publicity Committee would be working on
Spring Weekend and the Logan Airport Shuttle, as well as searching for
another Publicity Assistant.


	Social Committee


	Co-Chair Stuart Jackson asked the Council to help out with Spring
Weekend.


	Student Committee on Educational Policy


	Chair Jeremy Sher informed the Council that the committee is
collaborating with the Faculty Committee on Educational Policy on the
issue of evening exams.  He stated that he is "pleased" and that the
collaboration is something that "really worked well."  He also asked
the Council to help distribute surveys on evening exams.


	Housing and Residence/Orientation Committee


	Co-Chair Ryan Pierce informed the Council that the committee has set
the statistics to be placed in the Residence Guide from FSILGs, and
that the committee plans to meet Thursday, April 16.  He further told
the Council that he planned to sit in on the Ad Hoc Committee on
Housing Policy as they consider general principles upon which decisions
about housing will be made.  He also stated that he is working to make
the Daily Confusion more accessible.


IV.	Nominations Committee


	Chair Kenroy Cetayano informed the Council that the committee is
continuing its interview process.


V.	Legislation


	A Bill of Support for Spring Weekend 1998 through the Appropriation of
One Thousand Dollars to be used for Publicity


	Stuart Jackson presented S98-UACB2, stating that "big social events
like Spring Weekend are a chance to get together and feel good about
being at MIT."


		Motion to enact UACB2 passed 19-0-0.


	Resolution of Congratulations to the MIT Public Service Center


	Councilor Jeremy Sher presented S98-UACR3, sponsored by UA President
Dedric Carter.  A friendly amendment was made to change "now enters its
landmark 10th year" to "now celebrates its landmark 10th year."  UAVP
Sandra Sandoval informed the Council that the Public Service Center had
donated $500 to the UA for the recipient of the Priscilla Gray Award.


		Motion to accept S98-UACR3 passed 19-0-0.


VI.	Floor Leader Nominations


	Nominations included:


	Ryan Pierce

	Sandra Sandoval

	Damian Brosnan


VII.	Good of the Order


	Stuart Jackson informed the Council that Megan Pitts, Michelle
Hardiman, and Melissa Light would be working on Alley Rally and that
they would require a lot of help.  He also told the Council that many
MIT departments had donated money to the Alley Rally, so a lot of
people were looking to see this become a good event.  Among the
departments and offices sponsoring Alley Rally are:  The Provost's
Office, the School of Humanities and Social Sciences, the Department of
Earth and Planetary Sciences, the Department of Electrical Engineering
and Computer Science, the Department of Physics, the Department of
Mechanical Engineering, and the President's Office.


	Councilor Jeremy Sher praised the success of the Martin Luther King
Jr. Vigil, including the "spectacular" speech by Reverend Carter, but
voiced his discontent with the efforts of the Admissions Office in
getting prefrosh to attend the event.


	Matt McGann, an MIT Orientation Intern, asked Councilors to get the
word out on the Orientation Committee.  He said that positions were
available to undergraduates staying at MIT during the summer who wanted
to do "something with a good deal of influence."  Applications to join
the Orientation Committee are available in

	7-104.


VIII.	Meeting Adjourned at 8:58 PM.

</fontfamily>

########################################################

Eric Schlemann, Office Manager		(617) 253-2696

MIT Undergraduate Association		eschlema@mit.edu

W20-401					fax (617) 258-0306

77 Mass. Ave.

Cambridge, MA 02139

http://web.mit.edu/ua/www/index.html

########################################################


