Received: from GRAND-CENTRAL-STATION.MIT.EDU by po10.MIT.EDU (5.61/4.7) id AA13796; Wed, 16 Jun 99 15:45:49 EDT
Received: from melbourne-city-street.MIT.EDU (MELBOURNE-CITY-STREET.MIT.EDU [18.69.0.45])
	by grand-central-station.MIT.EDU (8.9.2/8.9.2) with ESMTP id PAA24125
	for <jcberk@mit.edu>; Wed, 16 Jun 1999 15:43:35 -0400 (EDT)
Received: from [18.70.1.53] (UA-1.MIT.EDU [18.70.1.53])
	by melbourne-city-street.MIT.EDU (8.9.2/8.9.2) with ESMTP id PAA17826
	for <jcberk@mit.edu>; Wed, 16 Jun 1999 15:43:34 -0400 (EDT)
Message-Id: <v0302090bb38dae8fb7c1@[18.70.1.53]>
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/enriched; charset="us-ascii"
Date: Wed, 16 Jun 1999 15:43:33 -0400
To: jcberk@mit.edu
From: Eric Schlemann <eschlema@MIT.EDU>
Subject: 3/9/98

<fontfamily><param>Times</param>Meeting of the

Undergraduate Association Council


MINUTES

Monday, March 9, 1998



I.  	Call to Order


	Meeting called to order by Floor Leader Paul Oppold at 8:06 PM.  Roll
call.


II.  	Undergraduate Representative to Medical Consumers' Advisory
Council


	Emily Li, the undergraduate representative to the Medical Consumers'
Advisory Council, discussed her position on MCAC, the role of the MCAC,
and issues concerning MIT Medical.


	Li informed the Council that MCAC was composed of undergraduates,
graduate students, faculty, staff, MedLinks volunteers and physicians. 
She also informed the council that her role was to represent a broad
student view, and that by speaking to the UA Council, she was trying to
obtain student input.  She issued a survey that could be copied and
distributed to constituents and then returned to her.


	Li stated that the primary problems the MCAC would be addressing this
term were student insurance and a dental plan, stress, and alcohol
policy.  She informed the Council that the MCAC was also continuing to
address issues regarding the "negative" image of the MedCenter.


	Issues brought forth by the UA council included confidentiality,
publicity, and concern for the relationship between the Campus Police
and the MedCenter.  Councilors suggested an increase in information
distribution and the institution of an emergency hotline number.


III.	Committee and Class Council Reports


	Housing and R/O Committee


	Co-chair Ryan Pierce informed the Council that the committee was
working toward determining the statistics that would be placed in the
Residence Viewbook, and that discussion had focused on the
appropriateness of certain statistics and the availability of others.
Pierce also stated that the committee was working with several
administrators on various R/O questions.


	Publicity Committee


	Chair Edgar Martinez informed the Council that the committee was
currently advertising elections and reminded Councilors that elections
were currently on Athena.  He also solicited suggestions on improving
publicity.


	Class of 2000


	President Elsie Huang stated the class' ring premiere had been mostly
successful.


	Student Committee on Educational Policy


	Chair Jeremy Sher informed the Council that the committee was
currently working on improving undergraduate awareness of the Faculty
rules, as well as instituting a mailing system, saving freshmen
seminars, developing a survey on issues with evening exams, evaluating
plus-minus grading, and an undergraduate majors guide.  Sher also
informed the Council that the committee was ready to assist the Baker
Foundation.


	Social Committee


	Co-Chair June Kim informed the Council that the planned kick-off date
for Spring Weekend is Thursday, April 23.  She asked Councilors for
suggestions on a kick-off event, to be sponsored by the Undergraduate
Association.  Kim also informed the Council that future events included
a Kaplan study break and a club night.


IV.	Judicial Review Board


	President Dedric Carter informed the Council that normally, the
outgoing president nominates the Judicial Review Board (JudBoard)
members.  Last year's outgoing president, Richard Lee, however, did not
nominate members to JudBoard because it was understood that the entire
judicial process would be revamped. Unfortunately, that has not
happened, and the Constitutional Review Tribunal proposal has fallen
through in Executive Committee. Instead, Carter was empowered to
nominate members to JudBoard.


	Carter nominated five people to JudBoard:


	Ashwin Vishwanathon '98

	John Gavenonis '98

	Attish Babu '01

	Jin Kim '99

	Caroline Rhim '01


	Motion to approve the five names as members of JudBoard passed
20-0-0.


	Carter nominated Ashwin Vishwanathon as Chair.  Motion to approve
Ashwin Vishwanathon as chair passed 20-0-0.


V. 	Finance Board Allocations


	Finance Board (Finboard) members Teresa Raine and Tang Vo-Ta presented
Finboard's spring allocations, including appeals and allocations from
the Provost's new fund.


	Motion to approve appeals allocations passed 20-0-0.


	Raine and Vo-Ta explained the Provost Fund allocations. The fund was
allocated not to yearly activities but to groups wanting to sponsor
special events.  Motion to adopt the allocations of the Provost Fund
passed 20-0-0.


VI.	Motion for Consideration By Council


	Councilor Jeremy Sher moved for consideration by Council of a special
motion.  In accordance with Robert's Rules of Order, Sher asked all the
candidates for the office of UAP/UAVP to remove themselves from the
chamber. The chair was given to Secretary General Edgar Martinez.


	Councilor Sher presented a motion that would require no winners be
declared in the 1998 elections for the office of UAP/UAVP, until such a
time as the Judicial Review Board has ruled on all election-related
cases filed prior to 6:00 PM Wednesday, March 11, 1998.


	Councilors suggested requiring the JudBoard to act within a certain
time period, and suggested that no winners be declared in all races. 
Councilors also asked for the rationale behind the motion, to which
Sher responded that any conflict involving a sitting president would be
worse than a conflict resolved through the appeals process, before
results of the election are made public.  Councilors inquired about the
possibilities of appeal.


	Secretary General Edgar Martinez yielded the Chair to President Dedric
Carter, and proceeded to explain actions of the Election Commission
which might be subject to review by the Judicial Review Board.


	Martinez said there were Election Commission rulings which "some
people felt were extremely unfair and might have biased the election." 
First, a ruling made by the Election Commission allowed signatures to
transfer from the petition sheets of Paul Oppold and Pamela Mukerji to
the ticket of Paul Oppold and Jen Kelly.  Second, a ruling was made by
the Election Commission which instructed Paul Oppold to stop soliciting
petition signatures.  Third, the Election Commission found an e-mail
message sent to the signers of the petition sheets of Paul Oppold/Jen
Kelly/Pam Mukerji to be in accordance with the letter of the Election
Code.


	Motion to call the question passed 12-5-1.  An amendment stating that
the JudBoard had to rule within 10 days was approved 14-3-1.


	Final motion presented before Council:


	"BE IT ENACTED, by the Undergraduate Association assembled in Council,
that:


	No winners be declared in the 1998 elections for any office of the
Undergraduate Association, until such a time as the Judicial Review
Board of the Undergraduate Association has ruled on all
election-related cases filed prior to 6:00 PM on Wednesday, March 11,
1998.


	However, a time limit of ten (10) days is in effect.  Should the
Judicial Board fail to render a decision in any case pending before it
by 12:00 AM on March 22, 1998, this motion shall expire, and winners of
all electoral races shall then be declared according to the usual
process."


	Motion passed 15-1-1.


VII.	Good of the Order


	Treasurer Teresa Raine asked the Council to inform all student groups
that had received Provost money that they should go to Finboard to
collect money, not the Provost's Office.


	President Carter reminded the Council that April 4th was the 30th
anniversary of the assassination of Martin Luther King.  The UA would
sponsor a vigil event; on the same day, Battle of the Classes would  be
held.


VIII.	Meeting Adjourned at 9:55 PM.

</fontfamily>

########################################################

Eric Schlemann, Office Manager		(617) 253-2696

MIT Undergraduate Association		eschlema@mit.edu

W20-401					fax (617) 258-0306

77 Mass. Ave.

Cambridge, MA 02139

http://web.mit.edu/ua/www/index.html

########################################################


